Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore	1974	7.73	8.0	A widow after an unfortunate marriage, Alice, together with her son Tom, sets out on a journey to Monterey, her hometown. Along the way, mother and son stop in Albuquerque, where the woman is hired as a singer in a motel. Here Alice has a love affair with a married man, which ends up in a barrel. Resuming the journey, the two stop again: to raise money Alice gets hired by a restaurant. Here too a man appears, but Tom strongly opposes this relationship. A young but already biting Scorsese offers us this chronicle of frustrated people of the American dream, devoted to a mediocre life. An Oscar to the good Ellen Burstyn. The film gave birth (obviously more sweetened) the TV series ""Alice"". Classic Movies, Comedies, Dramas A widowed singer and single mother starts over as a diner waitress in Arizona, befriending her coworkers and romancing a ruggedly handsome rancher. Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore Drama
White Christmas	1954	7.57	7.0	Two former comrades who have set up a variety company, are hired for the Christmas party at the ""Snow Paradise"", a mountain hotel that is deserted because there is no ... snow. The hotel belongs to their old general who is now on the verge of bankruptcy. In the name of the ancient camaraderie, the two put themselves together and the party is a triumph. In addition, there is also snow and ... love. Beautiful songs by Irving Berlin, including ""What Can You Do With a General"" and ""The Best Things Happen While You're Dancing"". It was the first film to be shot on vistavision. Great protagonists. Children & Family Movies, Classic Movies, Comedies Two war buddies fall for two sisters and follow the girls to a resort owned by their former commanding officer, who is in danger of losing the place. White Christmas Musical
Carrie	1976	7.8	8.0	Carrie Withe is a girl who received an obsessively religious upbringing from her mother. Her first menstruation provokes the derision of her companions. Only Sue regrets and convinces her boyfriend, Tommy, to accompany Carrie to the graduation party. The two are elected queen of the evening, but a mocking joke by the evil Chris unleashes the revenge of Carrie, who in her transition to adolescence has acquired paranormal powers. Then, in the fire with which he punishes his mother, Carrie also dies. But that's not all ... Clever horror film, with a shocking ending that for years has been a model for anyone who practices this genre.  Classic Movies, Cult Movies, Horror Movies An outcast teen with telekinetic ability lashes out with her deadly power when the high school ""in crowd"" torments her with a sick joke at the prom. Carrie Horror
The Cincinnati Kid	1965	7.33	7.0	Cincinnati Kid is a young champion who is making a splash at the New Orleans gaming tables. In the city there are no more opponents for him, and the Kid is already thinking about moving when Lancey arrives. This is an old fox, universally recognized as the Number One and he came to town just to challenge Cincinnati. Unleashed bets and unclean tinkering around the match. The Kid is not in the best psychological conditions, also due to a too complicated love life.  Classic Movies, Dramas In Depression-era New Orleans, cocksure stud poker player Eric Stoner – the titular Cincinnati Kid – challenges longtime champ Lancey ""The Man"" Howard to a showdown at the table, where a war of wills – and nerve – ensues. The Cincinnati Kid Comedy
Dad	1989	4.0	6.0	Jake Tremont (Lemmon) lives with his wife away from his son who is a stockbroker on Wall Street. When the son returns home for a visit, he discovers that the father has a tumor. He then begins to care for him lovingly, discovering aspects of life that up to that moment he was completely unaware of. In fact, man lives in a dream dimension, he thinks he lives on a farm as if to redeem the grayness of everyday life. After a long illness, Jake dies: his wife, son and grandson are about to face a different and more human life, in memory of his father. After the 1980s, films of good feelings return to the United States. In this case the theme, a bit obvious and sometimes boring, is redeemed by the excellent interpretation of Jack Lemmon. Dramas Family bonds are revived after a father is diagnosed with cancer in this bittersweet drama. Dutiful son John cares for his aging father, Jake, but not without complaint. Dad Drama
Gigi	1958	7.19	7.0	Gigi, a pretty little provincial girl, lives with her grandmother and an aunt in Paris. They hope that the little one will become a luxury socialite. They also set their sights on the possible ""protector"": the very wealthy Gaston Lachaille. Gaston, however, being truly in love with Gigi, disdainfully refuses. The same girl, revealing a strong character, opposes the drawings of the two relatives. In a delightful postcard Paris, with a delightful Leslie Caron, the songs of Lerner and Loewe and a sly Chevalier (Oscar for Lifetime Achievement), a sumptuous musical inspired by a Colette novel. Nine Oscars: Best Film, Direction, Screenplay, Photography, Costumes, Music, Song, Set Design, Editing.  Classic Movies, Comedies, Music & Musicals Gigi's an avant-garde French waif being groomed as the fille de joie of affluent and handsome Gaston. Soon Gigi metamorphoses into a stunning beauty. Gigi Musical
Rebel Without a Cause	1955	8.44	8.0	Young Jim, Judy and Plato are accused of assaulting a man. The next day, Buzz and his friends challenge Jim to a dangerous race called ""the race of the rabbit"": running a car to a precipice and jumping out of the car as late as possible. It's Buzz who dies, and Jim takes refuge in an isolated house where Plato is also ... The film, scripted by Irving Shulman starting from an original story by Ray himself, was the one that imposed James Dean as the myth of a restless and uprooted generation by definition. A real classic that still excites today. At least fifteen memorable scenes. The photograph of the master Ernest Haller is splendid. Classic Movies, Dramas When Jim Stark arrives in a new town with his troubled past firmly in tow, he quickly falls for the girl next door and befriends the vulnerable Plato. Rebel Without a Cause Drama
Grease	1978	7.2	7.0	During the school holidays Danny befriends Sandy, an Australian girl. To his surprise he finds her in his own college, but feigns indifference because he's a real tough guy. After a dance contest that Danny wins paired with another girl, the two finally get together. Now a cult movie. That transcends the same aesthetic merits. Better ""teenage"" musicals have been seen, but the alchemy found by Kleiser on the set did indeed reward this fairy tale in time to the music. Some hits will become famous. Great Stockard Channing as the wild Rizzo. Classic Movies, Comedies, Music & Musicals John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John star in this hit musical comedy about a greaser and the good girl he falls for – much to his friends' chagrin. Grease Comedy
Hamburger Hill	1987	6.25	7.0	Vietnam, 1969. A group of recruits is trained by a gruff lieutenant to participate in the attack on Hill 937. The fighting begins and will last for ten days in a succession of assaults. Encouraged by superiors (who however do not offer adequate coverage) the assaults continue: only three will arrive at the summit. Shortly after the hill, having lost its strategic interest, it will be abandoned. Arrived in theaters on the long wave of films on the ""dirty war"", the film is a bit monotonous in its narrative structure and too demagogic in its anti-militarism. Action & Adventure, Dramas The Vietnam War's horrors come brutally to life through the eyes of American soldiers trying to take a heavily fortified hill under Vietcong control. Hamburger Hill War
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom	1984	6.81	7.0	Incredibly escaping death in the Himalayan mountains, Jones, the singer Willie and the little Chinese Short, end up in an Indian village from which the followers of the goddess Kali have taken away a miraculous stone along with all the children. Upon reaching the palace of Pencot, our heroes discover the existence of an underground temple, the site of horrific sacrifices and cover for the cruel exploitation of children, used as slaves. After the worldwide success of the ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", Spielberg takes up the character of the adventurous archaeologist in 1984. He is always able to exploit the space at his disposal in a dynamic and breathtaking way (the sequence of the escape on the trolley through the mine tunnels is memorable). Here, however, the ""insolent"" lightness in its artificiality is lacking a little, which characterized the first episode and the game is a bit repetitive. Action & Adventure, Children & Family Movies, Classic Movies Indiana Jones, his young sidekick and a spoiled songbird get more than they bargained for when they go to India in search of a missing magical stone. Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom Adventure
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	1989	8.11	8.0	Europe, 1938. During the search for the Holy Grail, the chalice that collected the blood of Christ on the Cross, the father of Indiana Jones, a renowned archaeologist, disappears. The son sets off on his search: with a German colleague he traces the tomb of a crusader in Venice who provides him with valuable information and finds his father prisoner of the Nazis (who want to get to the Grail first) in a castle in Germany. He frees his father and together they go to Berlin, sneaking into a gathering chaired by Hitler. Then the adventure continues in the Middle East. The allegorical values ??are hidden in the folds of an action with a frenzied rhythm and hilarious gags, with a great idea: to put Indy in front of the parent, the elderly Dr. Jones. The father-son duet, also thanks to the winking Sean Connery, is extraordinary. In short, this film is even better than the other two previous ones, especially for the declared desire not to take oneself seriously and to laugh at everything. Action & Adventure, Children & Family Movies, Classic Movies Accompanied by his father, Indiana Jones sets off on his third adventure to explore the cradle of civilization on a perilous hunt for the Holy Grail. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade Adventure
Lolita	1962	8.75	8.0	Teacher Humbert, staying with widow Haze, marries her to be close to his teenage daughter, with whom he is in love. When Haze dies, Humbert finally gets together with the girl and travels with her across the United States. Lolita disappears; reappears three years later, married and pregnant. A masterpiece by Kubrick from 1962, one of his most lucid (in the narrative construction) and cynical (in the representation of bourgeois America and the moral misery of the characters) films. The character of Quilty in the interpretation of Peter Sellers is brilliant. Classic Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies In this black comedy, an English professor marries his landlady to get closer to his forbidden obsession: her teenage daughter. Lolita Drama
Little Monsters	1989	4.0	8.0	A little boy discovers that under his bed there is a lively and mischievous monster. The two quickly become friends, but relations with the rest of the world are difficult. A bit similar to Beetlejuice, it ends up around Freddie Kruger.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies Brian knows there are creatures under his bed. When he faces his fears and confronts them, however, he makes some hilariously weird new friends. Little Monsters Horror
Rocky	1976	7.72	8.0	Rocky Balboa is a middle-class boxer who makes a living in the slums of Philadelphia, amidst minor matches and his job as a debt collector for a loan shark. Rocky loves, loved back, the young Adriana and this, at the moment, is the biggest stroke of luck of his life. The second comes when the famous champion Apollo Creed, left without a challenger, decides to give Rocky a chance. It is the first episode of the successful series, winner of three Oscars: film, direction, editing. In fact, it is a very pleasant film, where you shamelessly cheer for a Stallone who is still young and thin, full of will and good feelings. The best part of the film, rather than the almost obvious final fight, is where our hero prepares for combat. It is here, among other things, that the steadycam was used for the first time (to follow Stallone jogging on the stairs).  Action & Adventure, Classic Movies, Dramas Sylvester Stallone shot to fame as Rocky Balboa, an unknown fighter who's given a shot at fighting world champ Apollo Creed as a publicity stunt. Rocky Drama
Rocky II	1979	6.12	7.0	Rocky retired after a meeting with Apollo Creed that many believed was rigged. But the latter would like to see his title legitimized with a new match ... The sentimental and sporting epic of the boxer reaches its second episode and Stallone's discreet direction cannot avoid repetition. Dramas, Sports Movies Featuring a rousing climax, this engaging sequel finds boxer Rocky Balboa returning to the ring for a rematch against reigning champ Apollo Creed. Rocky II Drama
Rocky III	1982	4.57	6.0	Rocky Balboa, after becoming heavyweight champion by beating Apollo Creed, softens, attending show business more than gyms. Thus, he is ""played"" by a rampant boxer, and the death of the faithful manager ends up destroying him psychologically. To return to the ring with his head held high he will have to learn to suffer again and his coach will be Apollo, who has become his best friend. After the rehearsal of ""Rocky II"" (1979) Stallone insists on directing and (unfortunately) in the script, which looks like a carbon copy of the previous film. The song from the soundtrack ""Eye of the Tiger"" is very famous. Dramas, Sports Movies After taking a pounding from a powerful young fighter, humbled world champ Rocky Balboa turns to ex-rival Apollo Creed for help in regaining his form. Rocky III Drama
Rocky IV	1985	4.88	6.0	A friend of Rocky Balboa dies in the ring challenging the Soviet super champion Drago on an American tour; our hero agrees to return to the ring and go to Moscow to fight against the latter. The difference between the two challengers is profound and does not concern only the ideological matrix of the two countries. The training of the Russian is so super-technological and planned, so naive and free-range is that of the American. At the end of a terrible match, Rocky will prevail, but his words after the victory will be only of peace. The structure of the story is elementary, the passions at stake primary, Balboa is a champion all home, ring and good feelings, a messenger of the ""pax americana"" on Russian soil. Stallone's Reagan period film, makes good Rocky the necessary counterpart to the grim Rambo. The boxer is now a real myth of Western propaganda. Stallone's direction aims to dramatically emphasize this clash. But now, in the fourth episode, the soup is overcooked. Emphasis is not enough to replace the rhythm of Avildsen's direction. And today the film above all remembers the line ""Io ti spiezzo in due"". Dramas, Sports Movies Rocky Balboa takes on the Cold War, coming out of retirement to battle a Soviet fighter who pulverized Rocky's friend and former rival, Apollo Creed. Rocky IV Drama
Rocky V	1990	5.09	5.0	After abandoning boxing due to injuries sustained in the fight with Drago and left to stone by an accountant who has squandered all his possessions, Rocky is forced to return to the seedy neighborhood he started from. Impressed by the young and ambitious Tommy, he puts his gloves back on to train him. Having achieved success and instigated by the evil Duke, he comes to challenge the master himself. Directed by John G. Avildsen, director of the first ""Rocky"" and screenwriter of the entire series, the film emphasizes more than the heroic character of the feats of the boxer that of a challenge with himself. Dramas, Sports Movies Inspired by the memory of his trainer, a broke and seemingly careerless Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer. Rocky V Drama
Stripes	1981	4.75	6.0	Enlisting in the army seems to be John Winger's last lifeline, after losing his job, home, car and girlfriend in a single day. So, with his friend Russell, he sets off on this adventure which, after a thousand delirious adventures, will even reward them with a medal of valor. Antimilitarist satire of director and actors of the ""Ghostbusters"" gang. The result is discontinuous, despite the presence of Bill Murray, and the film is not very comical.  Classic Movies, Comedies, Cult Movies After losing everything, an indolent sad sack impulsively joins the U.S. Army and cajoles his best friend into enlisting, too. Stripes Comedy
Taxi Driver	1976	9.34	9.0	Travis is a Vietnam veteran marked by the war experience. He suffers from insomnia and therefore gets hired as a taxi driver for the night shifts. In daily contact with the worst of New York, his situation worsens. Rejected by a respectable girl he has tried to court, Travis falls back on violence: armed to the teeth, he organizes a punitive expedition to a sordid brothel, after which he returns to cultivate his solitude. Palme d'Or in Cannes is the film that Scorsese revealed. De Niro is an ""avenging angel"" generated by the bad conscience of the United States at the time in full identity crisis. In the role of the girl prostitute a very young Jodie Foster. Classic Movies, Dramas, Thrillers Enraged by New York's moral rot and urban decay, an unhinged cab driver goes mad, plotting an assassination and saving a teen sex worker. Taxi Driver Drama
Butterfield 8	1960	6.75	6.0	Gloria Wandrous (Taylor) is torn between the desire for an honored life and the urge towards sordid experiences. Outraged at having received money from an occasional companion (Harvey), she takes possession of his wife's fur coat and forgets it in the home of Steve Carpenter (Fisher), a musician to whom she is fraternal affection. Oscar for Taylor, a box office record in 1961, is a film of discreet psychological introspection and strong, above all, of very effective interpreters. Not only the protagonist, at that time in her greatest splendor. Classic Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies Elizabeth Taylor won an Oscar as Gloria Wandrous, a stylish call girl who yearns to go straight, especially after she thinks she's found Mr. Right. Butterfield 8 Drama
Mean Streets	1973	7.87	8.0	Johnny Boy is a messed-up thug who piles up debts and enmities. His best friend Charlie, nephew of a mobster, is obsessed with religion and sex. Another, Tony, runs a dodgy bar. A fight and the subsequent settling of scores put an end to their lives. It ends badly for Johnny's epileptic sister too ... Granguignolesca, an extraordinary reconstruction of the Little Italy that the director knew in his childhood. Scorsese's third feature film develops a theme that will innervate many of his major works: that of the city as hell, in which the characters experience an all-earth ordeal. Classic Movies, Dramas, Independent Movies In New York's Little Italy, a low-level hoodlum wrestles with loyalty to his mobster uncle, his faith and his friendship with an inveterate gambler. Mean Streets Drama
The Stranger	1946	7.7	8.0	A Nazi criminal is purposely escaped from Allied prison to join his former superior and thus allow him to be identified. In fact, the police do not know the characteristics of the evil hierarch; he only knows that he has a passion for watches. On the trail of the fugitive, a detective arrives in a quiet town in the United States, where an esteemed professor is about to marry the daughter of a notable. The professor is repairing the old church clock ...  Classic Movies, Dramas, Thrillers A Nazi fugitive hiding in Connecticut tries to keep his identity hidden from his naïve new wife while a dogged investigator pursues him relentlessly. The Stranger Thriller
Raging Bull	1980	8.84	8.0	Jake La Motta grew up in the Bronx Italian-American environment and has always been proud of his strength. It is almost normal for him to engage in boxing, aided by his brother Joey as a coach and manager. However, in order to win the world title, he too must submit to the laws of the mafia organizations that control the undergrowth. A masterpiece of Scorsese and modern American cinema, ""Raging Bull"" is a fresco on America (and Italy), a tribute to cinema (and his death), superbly photographed by Michael Chapman. Only two Oscars, but impeccable: to the editing of Thelma Schoonmaker, and to De Niro (who gained thirty kilos for the scenes of the old age of the boxer).  Classic Movies, Dramas, Sports Movies This gritty biopic of brutal boxer Jake LaMotta portrays a tormented soul rising to the top of his sport, only to be undone by his demons. Raging Bull Drama
A Dangerous Woman	1993	6.25	7.0	Martha is an awkward thirty-year-old with a big flaw: she can't help but tell the truth. At first he works at a laundry, and gets kicked out when he accuses his boss of scamming customers. Then, having gone to live with a very rich aunt, she will have an affair with an idler, she will kill the head of the swindler laundry, she will become a mother. A ""strong"" role for Debra Winger who cleverly exploits the opportunity of the character of Martha for an acting full of grimaces and moves; but the defect lies in the story, more superficial than profound, albeit with some moments of undoubted interest. Dramas, Romantic Movies At the center of this engrossing melodrama is a Golden Globe-nominated turn by Debra Winger, who plays a sheltered, slow-witted woman living with her widowed Aunt Frances while working at a dry cleaners. A Dangerous Woman Drama
The Crow	1994	6.85	7.0	On the eve of Halloween, dark musician Eric Draven is brutally murdered with his girlfriend by a gang of drug addicts. Exactly a year later, Eric is resurrected, pale, black-clad and accompanied by a mysterious crow. Immortal, he hunts down the killers and their leader, Dollar, but the latter, thanks to his lover, an expert in occultism, puts him in difficulty. Evocative black fairytale, a skilful mix of horror, fantasy, thriller, well rhythmic, with a broken montage and a rock soundtrack. Brandon Lee died of an accident on set and some scenes were completed by entering his electronic image. Based on a comic, which later became a cult, by James O’Barr. Action & Adventure, Cult Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy One year after Eric Draven and his fiancée are murdered, Draven – watched over by a hypnotic crow – returns from the grave to exact revenge. The Crow Fantasy
Schindler's List	1993	8.47	8.0	Oskar Schindler, of Moravian origin, arrived in Krakow in 1939 with the intention of enriching himself by exploiting Jews in a pottery factory. But, struck by the Nazi ferocity, he decides to ""play"" a dangerous adventure: to save his workers from extermination. He will be reduced to poverty, but, thanks to him, more than a thousand Israelites, destined for extermination camps, will survive the war. Spielberg puts all his cinematographic talent at the service, this time, of a dramatic and exciting story, choosing a black and white not chronicle but Hollywood and inventing pages of great cinema, on the edge of melodrama. Seven Academy Awards: film, direction, photography (Janusz Kaminski), music, editing, non-original screenplay, set design.  Classic Movies, Dramas Oskar Schindler becomes an unlikely humanitarian, spending his entire fortune to help save 1,100 Jews from Auschwitz during World War II. Schindler's List Drama
Mutiny on the Bounty	1962	6.38	7.0	Captain Bligh commands the Bounty with extreme hardness. After loading breadfruit plants in Tahiti, he rationes the water to irrigate them. Thirst claims some victims among the sailors and second mate Christian rebels, along with the majority of the crew. Bligh and some faithful, abandoned on a lifeboat, will try to return to their homeland. Important cast for this version of the famous story. The brightest star is of course that of Brando. Milestone obtains a film interpreted in strong colors and with attention to the setting. Engagement and show well photographed by Robert L. Surtees. Action & Adventure, Classic Movies, Dramas Marlon Brando gives a nuanced performance as the aristocratic Lt. Fletcher Christian, an officer aboard the HMS Bounty who leads a mutiny against the ship's tyrannical Capt. Bligh. Mutiny on the Bounty Drama
Doctor Zhivago	1965	7.83	8.0	Yuri and Lara met before the Great War, when he is married to his cousin Tonya and she to the idealist Pasha. During the conflict they reunite because he fights and she is a nurse. Meanwhile, Pasha has become a major player in the Communist Party, which came to power after the October Revolution, while Yuri's family has been reduced to poverty. Upon returning to Moscow, Yuri moves to the Urals and it is there that Lara becomes his mistress, but the happiness is short-lived. A great cast for a luxurious transcription of a famous Pasternak novel. Classic Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies A young physician and his beautiful mistress get swept up in the danger and drama of the Bolshevik Revolution in this Oscar-winning epic. Doctor Zhivago Mélo
Four Weddings and a Funeral	1994	7.44	7.0	32-year-old Charles, one hundred percent English, is convinced that getting married is not for him and, every time he attends a friend's wedding, this conviction becomes even more solid. When, however, he meets the American Carrie, who hits him deep inside, Charles is almost ready to capitulate. There is, however, a considerable obstacle to her intentions: Carrie is super-engaged ... A comedy that owes its enormous success to an impeccable script, intelligently witty dialogues, actors in a state of grace and flawless direction. The poem read at the funeral is by W. H. Auden. Classic Movies, Comedies, International Movies A commitment-phobic Brit tries to reconnect with an alluring American who's about to make a seemingly awful mistake by marrying a wealthy, boring man. Four Weddings and a Funeral Comedy
Logan's Run	1976	6.78	7.0	After a planetary catastrophe, a human society has been reconstituted underground where, upon reaching the age of thirty, individuals are ""regenerated"" (ie suppressed) with a triumphal ceremony. Dissidents suspect deception. Two of them, Logan and Jessica, manage to reach the surface. After a good start, unfortunately the film falls into schematism and predictability. Action & Adventure, Classic Movies, Cult Movies In the 23rd century, inhabitants of a domed city exist in a world filled with life's pleasures – but no one is allowed to live past the age of 30. Logan's Run Fantasy
An American Tail: Fievel Goes West	1991	6.75	6.0	The Mousekewitz family finds the city too unsafe and leaves for the far West, enticed by the descriptions of the cat Crudelio who promises a real land of Bengodi. But it's all a mess. In fact, first the journey and then the settlement are studded with a succession of assorted pitfalls. But there is him, Fievel, who with a few, but trusted friends, arranges everything as best he can. After the ""review"" of the arrival in the new world of the persecuted of the ""progrom"", here is that of the conquest of the ""new frontier"". Spielberg still produces, and it is a guarantee of professionalism. Children & Family Movies Fievel and his family head west for what turns out to be a wild adventure. Deep in cowboy country, the intrepid mouse faces down a nasty feline. An American Tail: Fievel Goes West Animation
The Pelican Brief	1993	5.4	6.0	Darby, who is about to graduate in law, starts studying a case: the death, which took place the same night, of two Supreme Court judges and formulates a disturbing hypothesis. Her teacher, as well as lover, with whom she confided, is also killed; a black journalist helps her to escape the many who want to kill her (even at the top, very high loco). John Grisham, the author of the novel from which the film is based, is a ""manufacturer"" of best sellers. But Pakula, the director of ""All the President's Men"", falls short and makes a cumbersome and tired film, which is not revitalized by some aestheticism scattered here and there.  Dramas, Thrillers When law student Darby Shaw theorizes about the assassinations of two Supreme Court justices, she is put in danger and turns to a reporter for help. The Pelican Brief Thriller
Philadelphia	1993	7.82	8.0	Andrew Beckett is a brilliant young attorney, one of the leading associates of one of the most prestigious law firms in Philadelphia, but is fired on the spot when his employers find out that he has contracted AIDS. Beckett wants to assert his rights and turns to several lawyers, but no one accepts. Even the famous black criminal Joe Miller initially refuses the assignment, but having met Beckett in a library, where he is preparing to support the case alone, he changes his mind. The first merit of the film is the validity of its battle. ""Philadelphia"" tackles the problem without beating around the bush and does it with vigor and lucidity, thanks to a robust and impeccable script and interpreters who put the best of their skills into it. Oscar for Tom Hanks and the beautiful song ""Streets of Philadelphia"" by Springsteen (but the soundtrack also includes ""Philadelphia"" by Neil Young). Classic Movies, Dramas, LGBTQ Movies Philadelphia attorney Andrew Beckett launches a wrongful termination suit against his law firm when they fire him because he's gay and HIV-positive. Philadelphia Drama
Pulp Fiction	1994	9.13	9.0	Pumpkin and Honey Bunny decide to rob the diner they are eating at. Vincent and Jules are two gangsters who have to do a job. Vincent is worried because he has to keep company with Mia, his boss's cocaine wife. Butch, a boxer in Marsellus' service, did not carry out the boss's order to lose a match. Vincent and Jules are in the apartment from the beginning, they have killed two thugs and have a third at gunpoint. Epilogue. The action returns to the diner of the beginning. The iconic film of the 90s. Much imitated, he modified the classic narrative structure of Hollywood cinema. Classic Movies, Cult Movies, Dramas This stylized crime caper weaves together stories featuring a burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner and a washed-up boxer. Pulp Fiction Gangster
The Longest Yard	1974	7.73	7.0	Paul Crewe, convicted of car theft, severe drunkenness and dangerous driving, was once an American football champion. The director of the prison manages to convince him to put together a team of inmates capable of training that of the guards, engaged in the tournament between prisons. The idea is that Crewe's team eventually lose, but he disagrees. Aldrich constructs one of the finest final sequences in ""sports"" cinema. The relationships between characters are drawn with the energy and confidence of an action movie master. Classic Movies, Comedies, Sports Movies Washed-up professional quarterback Paul Crewe is sent to jail and forced to put together an inmate gridiron team to take on a group of prison guards. The Longest Yard Drama
The Flintstones	1994	4.63	5.0	Two million years before Christ, Fred and Barney work in a quarry. Fred, with the help of Barney, is promoted to vice president of the company, but gratitude for his friend is not his forte. Also, the fat guy doesn't realize he's just a pawn in the dirty game of a manager and his secretary. But, in the end, the wicked will be defeated and sbertucciato, as should be. The plot is just like a cartoon, the best in terms of fun consists in the distortions in a ... futuristic key of the prehistoric context. After 15 years Liz Taylor returns to the cinema and Fred, her son-in-law, apostrophes her: ""What is this fossil doing here?"". Children & Family Movies, Comedies The Flintstones hit the big screen in this live-action comedy that finds Fred and Barney struggling to cope with the pressures of work and family. The Flintstones Comedy
Ocean's Eleven	1960	6.43	6.0	A war veteran gathers former comrades to combine a series of heists in Las Vegas. Complete Sinatra clan and in great shape, Martin Scorsese likes it very much.  Action & Adventure, Classic Movies, Comedies Frank Sinatra leads an all-star cast as Danny Ocean, who decides to knock over a few casinos on the Las Vegas Strip with his buddies. Ocean's Eleven Comedy
Rosemary's Baby	1968	9.18	9.0	Guy is a theatrical actor, his wife is called Rosemary and she is expecting a baby. The neighbors, the Castevets, are very cordial, even if a little intrusive. And Rosemary is a bit apprehensive and paranoid, even if you have to understand her if she gets a little anxious in her state. Perhaps the founding film of modern horror, and perhaps Polanski's masterpiece. The (unsustainable) tension is created starting from a meticulous realism, and a bright and crowded New York becomes the place of terror par excellence, of the coexistence of ancestral fears and metropolitan phobias. The almost ""minimalist"" finish is shocking. Oscar to Ruth Gordon for Best Supporting Actress.  Classic Movies, Horror Movies, Thrillers A woman is thrilled to find out she's pregnant. But as her belly grows, the more certain she becomes that her unborn child is in serious danger. Rosemary's Baby Horror
Eye for an Eye	1996	6.5	6.0	Karen McCann is happily married, mother of two daughters, with a satisfying job, and good principles. Life offers you a lot. Suddenly, a stranger walks into his home, kills his daughter and, despite the overwhelming evidence, is set free thanks to quibbles. Heartbroken and obsessed with the desire for justice, Karen embarks on a perilous personal journey. It is in the irruption of abnormality into normality that Schlesinger reveals the author's sure hand: the beautiful opening sequence, of a day like all others broken by the murder (which the mother hears on the phone), the tension accumulated by daily details that the foreground makes menacing, a walk to the botanical garden that takes the step of the nightmare. For Schlesinger, the fable of family serenity always borders on horror, even in the choice (moral or not?) To which the protagonist is ultimately forced.  Dramas, Thrillers Grieving mother Karen McCann takes justice into her own hands when the man who raped and murdered her daughter is freed on a technicality. Eye for an Eye Thriller
The River Wild	1994	6.67	6.0	Gail lives in Boston: a beautiful house, an architect husband, two children and a dog, but she was born in the territories of the Wild West. It is there that he returns to spend a few days of vacation practicing his favorite sport, rafting, that is the descent of the rapids of a river on a rubber dinghy. It goes without saying that the trip, when I took on board two young boys who turn out to be runaway robbers, soon turns into a nightmare. Embroidered around the strong figure of the mother played by Meryl Streep, the film is a hallucinatory journey into a wild nature that is the mirror of that, equally wild, of men. The Streep dominates everyone for strength, courage and intensity of the looks: they are the ones that are remembered at the end of the film. Action & Adventure A turbulent vacation turns deadly when a fugitive and his crew kidnap a river rafting guide and her family, forcing them down the dangerous river. The River Wild Adventure
Trainspotting	1996	7.34	8.0	Edinburgh. Mark Renton, a thief out of necessity, has chosen an honest and sincere drug addiction. Begbie, a violent, alcoholic psychopath scares even his friends, but he wouldn't even dream of touching drugs. Spud, a desperate but lovable heroin addict. Sick Boy, a narcissist with encyclopedic knowledge of Sean Connery, able to keep his addiction to heroin in check. Then there's Tommy who doesn't do drugs, he's a freak of outdoor excursions and Iggy Pop. At the edge of the story, there are the girls of the group. At breakneck speed inside and out the lives, visions, obsessions and ""addictions"" of the protagonists. Indeed, in one place, inside and outside a toilet bowl (""the worst in Scotland"", a sign warns). Very skilled, engaging, perhaps cunning: from Irvine Welsh's bestseller, a film that symbolizes a time and a place. Comedies, Cult Movies, Dramas Renton and his mates cope with the gritty realities of heroin addiction. But when Renton gets clean, he can't get away from his friends' nasty habits. Trainspotting Grotesque
Dante's Peak	1997	4.6	5.0	Harry Dalton is a volcanologist in crisis after losing his wife in an accident. But when his former colleagues ask him to study seismic activity near the town of Dante's Peak, Harry doesn't feel like refusing. The town is ruled by Rachel Wando, who is about to sign a lucrative deal with a billionaire. The catastrophic is sometimes like porn, repetitive and absolutely predictable: first part, introduction of the characters (many) who will be in danger; second part, catastrophe and death of some of these characters. And that's exactly why it works; provided, of course, the premises are respected and the effects are satisfactory. ""Dante's Peak"", on the other hand, shoots away the best effects during the opening credits, does not make us in the least fond of its characters and reduces the effects to a lot of smoke (and almost no roast). Dialogue dripping with sweet rhetoric to the point of ridicule. Action & Adventure When a volcanologist comes to investigate the recent rumblings of a dormant volcano, a massive eruption has everyone in town fighting for their lives. Dante's Peak Action
Bad Boys	1995	5.29	5.0	Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are two black cops from the narcotics section. Max Logan and Julie Mott are two prostitutes. When Max loses his feathers, Julie remains the only person alive who can identify the men in the gang who stole a large amount of heroin. Julie is kidnapped, but Mike and Marcus are smart enough to free her. Logorrhea is the stylistic code of Will Smith's acting, perhaps because there was and is a parenthesis as a rap singer. For this he is hired and for this he cannot refrain from pronouncing from four to six words per second. In this sense, ""Bad Boys"" is a film that aims at the highest degree of specialization: everyone is always and only limited to what little they can do. Action & Adventure, Comedies In this fast-paced actioner, two Miami narcotics cops are hot on the trail of a master crook who has snatched $100 million worth of heroin. Bad Boys Action
The Saint	1997	5.2	6.0	In a boarding school, a difficult and lonely child chooses to give up his name to become Simon Templar. Growing up, he becomes a cynical spy, skilled in transformism, in the pay of the highest bidder. At least until fate puts a charming English scientist in his way, who will have to approach, seduce and ... rob! In the 60s and 70s he had the face of Roger Moore. In Noyce's hands, Simon Templar takes on the guise of Val Kilmer. After a good prologue, the film lets itself be harnessed in a manneristic love story. The less convincing parts overwhelm the pretty Elisabeth Shue, while the disguises are slaughtered by a laughable dub. Action & Adventure, Romantic Movies Hired by a Russian politician to steal the formula for cold fusion, master thief Simon Templar falls for the scientist who has unlocked the secret. The Saint Adventure
Twin Peaks	1990	8.5	8.0	An impenetrable fog envelops the town of Twin Peaks, hiding the mountain tops, making the roads and the fir trees that are cut in the local sawmill unrecognizable. One morning Pete Martell greets his wife on her way to work. On the road he usually travels he sees a large plastic bundle abandoned on the shore of the lake. Approaching he notices that a tuft of hair comes out of the bag. Great tension and a thrilling atmosphere in this pilot, a real prologue to a television series that would have been successful all over the world. And they all cry, as in a grotesque caricature of the melò. Brilliant, both as an episode and as a general project. Classic & Cult TV, Crime TV Shows, TV Dramas Who killed Laura Palmer?"" is the question on everyone's lips in a secretive small town, but as an eccentric FBI agent learns, the answer isn't easy. Twin Peaks Drama
Men in Black	1997	6.56	7.0	K. and J. are the ""men in black"" at the service of an unofficial but funded government agency that deals with everything related to illegal immigration of aliens to Earth. In fact, the extraterrestrials have long since arrived on our planet, they live among us and have taken on different appearances. Inspired by Lowell Cunningham's strip of the same name, the film is a game about the need for cohabitation between different races. Because after all, even men in black have a heart and are fond of the monsters with whom they have been dealing and collaborating for years. Underneath, it is also a bitter game, in which individuals can be tolerant but people cannot, and it is good to keep them in the dark. Sonnenfeld keeps a flawless pace, mixes genres well (science fiction, detective and comedy) and quotes with measure and irony. Extraordinary the aliens. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A streetwise cop teams with a veteran government agent to work for a super-secret, extremely dapper team that monitors extraterrestrials on Earth. Men in Black Fantasy
Balto	1995	7.0	7.0	At the turn of the century, a diphtheria epidemic broke out in Nome, an Alaskan city, of which children were the main victims. The stocks of medicines essential to eradicate the disease are however in Mercy and no means of mechanical transport can connect the two cities due to snow. A sled pulled by dogs (whose leader is the arrogant Steele) then leaves but gets lost. It will be the half wolf and half dog Balto to find the expedition. Produced by Steven Spielberg, a gripping story, action, suspense, an unpleasant villain to hate and a good (to love) who must regain self-confidence to win. This being the case, it is not clear why it was a flop in the United States. Children & Family Movies, Dramas Balto, who is half wolf and half dog, endures the taunts of disapproving humans as he guides a precious cargo of medicine through the Alaskan winter. Balto Animation
The Rainmaker	1997	7.3	7.0	Rudy Baylor, a young law graduate, aspires to become a ""rain man"", that is, a man destined to enrich the law firm that will be lucky enough to hire him. The lawyer thus comes into contact with people of dubious fame. One day he will find himself having to challenge a powerful and corrupt insurance company that, through a million-dollar insurance scam, has enriched itself to the detriment of workers. One of the usual Grishams takes flight to a representation of the world that goes beyond the conflict between a corrupt legal-judicial system and the common people who get entangled in it. Helped by a cast of great actors capable of the undertone (De Vito, and even the unrecognizable Rourke) and by a very young man who knows not to overdo it (Damon), Coppola gives us yet another, heartbreaking portrait of the ""people of the rain"" ("" The Rain People ""was the original title of his fourth feature film,"" I'm Not Coming Home Tonight ""). Dramas, Thrillers A young attorney and a scrappy paralegal work to help the parents of a terminally ill boy in their suit against an insurance company. The Rainmaker Drama
To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar	1995	6.29	6.0	Miss Vida Boheme lives with two ""companions"", very close friends. When they enter a beauty pageant they win hands down. To continue in the climb to success they have to move from New York to Los Angeles and so they get ""on the road"" in a flaming 1967 Cadillac. Halfway, however, precisely in the town of Snyderville, Nebraska, the car breaks down so that Vida and the others are forced to stop. The backward inhabitants of the city, however, do not seem to like the presence of the three ""girls"" very much, especially when they realize that they are ... transvestites. A rather atypical ""road movie"" with three ""machi"" par excellence constrained in rhinestones and sequins. Comedies, Cult Movies, LGBTQ Movies Three New York drag queens on their way to Hollywood for a beauty pageant get stranded in a small Midwestern town when their car breaks down. To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar Comedy
The Game	1997	6.74	7.0	Nicholas Van Horton is a very successful businessman who is used to keeping every aspect of his investments in check. His life, all too tidy, suddenly changes course when his brother Conrad, on the occasion of his birthday, organizes a surprise for him, a real role-playing game. As soon as he enters the game, Nicholas realizes that the risks are very high and discovers that he is being kept under control, even inside his home, by unknown conspirators who want to annihilate him. The idea would be: an almost ""simulation"" game, but from the real thing. A fatal, possibly deadly game, in which you don't know where the simulation ends and where reality begins. There would also be talent: director David Fincher has shown that he can master beautiful atmospheres suspended between fantasy and perversion, in ""Alien 3"" and ""Seven""; Sean Penn is perfect in those ambiguous characters, who you never know which side to place, and Deborah Unger (""Crash"") is certainly enigmatic. Yet ""The Game"" doesn't work; from a certain point on we don't care that much to know if it is fiction or reality and, all in all, the story takes the pace of the usual ""action"" succession. The problem of the film is the star: Michael Douglas, constantly kept in the foreground to ""simulate"" (he does) arrogance, then doubt, insecurity, perhaps terror. With only one expression, the usual one in which his jaw contracts. Too much uncertainty for one man. Thrillers Nicholas receives an unusual birthday present from his brother, Conrad – a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game formulated by ""CRS. The Game Thriller
It Takes Two	1995	6.33	6.0	Amanda, a girl abandoned by her parents, is very fond of Diane, the social worker who took care of her and would like so much to be adopted, but there is a problem: Diane is not married and therefore cannot become the "" mom ""from Amanda. Quick change of scene: Alyssa is the daughter of an industry tycoon who just can't stand her dad's new girlfriend who, as the girl rightly thinks, aims only for money. When Alyssia runs away from home she meets Amanda who, incredible to say, looks like her like a drop of water. Said and done, the two exchange roles with results that are easy to imagine and that are already well announced by the title.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies The Olsen twins put a cute new spin on Mark Twain's classic tale ""The Prince and the Pauper,"" playing identical 9-year-olds from very different backgrounds: orphaned Amanda and wealthy Alyssa. It Takes Two Comedy
Jackie Brown	1997	8.25	8.0	Jackie Brown is a stewardess who works in a small company that connects the northern United States with California. The woman gets acquainted with a not-so-right-headed arms dealer, Ordell Robbie. The two set out on the trail of a suitcase containing half a million dollars together with Louis Gara, Ordell's partner. But also the policeman Ray and Max peeps out, an equally strange guy who sells the bail that can guarantee bail. With this film, Quentin Tarantino proves to be a very intelligent director, capable of not getting lost in the indefinite exploitation of the elements of his sudden success and of asking for time to evolve as an author. Of course, in _Jackie Brown_ there are still his typical traits, but, on the other hand, there is also the obstinacy to keep his sudden outbursts of violence out of scope and to expand the space granted to the characters, often filmed in almost fixed, while they chat and chat, up to paradoxical limits. And his ability to ""mistcast"" celebrity actors reaches its peak here, with De Niro's taciturn, buzzed and smoked ex-inmate and vapid blonde late flower daughter Bridget Fonda. But of course the film is all by Pam Grier, mature and combative, on whose imposing profile the camera is fixed in the opening sequence, very long and virtually immobile. A beginning that is almost an invitation to ""slow down"", for a film whose importance will be evaluated, as Tarantino says, among other three or four films. Dramas, Thrillers When an aging flight attendant's caught smuggling cash and forced to help with an investigation, she hatches a clever plan to make off with the dough. Jackie Brown Noir
187	1997	6.0	6.0	Trevor, a high school teacher in Broolkyn, still believes in the value of his profession. But he must change his mind when he risks being killed inside the school, transformed into a battlefield, where he teaches. Also because there are two sides: a minority that shows they want to study and the majority that is hostile to the world around them. Kevin Reynolds, fresh from the dampness of the futurist blockbuster ""Waterworld"", returns to his contemporaries driven by humanitarian intentions, so to speak. An arduous undertaking from a purely cinematic point of view, since getting out of the stereotype is difficult for anyone. To make sense of the operation, however, there is a very talented Sidney Poitier and that is the excellent Samuel L. Jackson. Dramas After one of his high school students attacks him, dedicated teacher Trevor Garfield grows weary of the gang warfare in the New York City school system and moves to California to teach there, thinking it must be a less hostile environment. 187 Thriller
Small Soldiers	1998	6.54	7.0	The Gorgonites were once warriors. Today they are pacifist toys threatened by the Elite Commandos, convinced militarist puppets, especially now that a microchip stolen from some Army software has transformed them into perfect war machines. It happens, therefore, that the life of an Ohio town is turned upside down by the arrival of a batch of toys that should revolutionize the market. Spielberg's Dreamworks and Universal joined forces for this film. Not that the result is to be counted among the best, but the metaphor of the anthropomorphic puppets offers a couple of memorable sequences: the quote of the helicopters from ""Apocalypse Now"" and the disturbing moment of the disfigured Barbie. Between Disney's neo-myths (""Toy Story"") and literary legends (""Gulliver""), ""Small Soldiers"" tries to renew the imagination: it doesn't have the strength of a Spielberg, yet it moves. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When the Commando Elite, a group of toy action figures, are released before they've been tested, they attack the children playing with them. Small Soldiers Fantasy
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas	1998	6.71	7.0	United States of America, 1971. Journalist Raoul Duke and his imposing lawyer, Dr. Gonzo decide to leave in a dark red convertible for the city of Las Vegas. In the luggage, pharmaceuticals and drinks that can drive anyone out of their minds. Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"" by Hunter S. Thompson was born as a reportage of an off-road race to Las Vegas for the magazine ""Sport Illustrated"", but it turned ""on the road"" into a journey into hallucination and America of the dream that was falling apart. For more than 15 years the book has bounced off the desks of Hollywood directors and producers; but it is so extreme and insane that no one has the courage to carry out the project. Gilliam accepts the risk. Certainly it is not a masterpiece like ""Brazil"", but almost a paradoxical return to the tragic-grotesque fragments that the director composed for the ""Flying Circus"". Comedies, Cult Movies, Dramas A sportswriter and his Samoan lawyer embark on a hallucinogenic three-day romp from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in this counterculture cult favorite. Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas Grotesque
Rounders	1998	5.5	6.0	Mike McDermott is a professional poker player who takes advantage of gambling to try to make a new life for himself. Mike is in law school and spends his free time with his girlfriend and fellow student Jo. Becoming a lawyer is the legal way for Mike to succeed, but the game has too much appeal for him. But when an old friend gets out of jail, Mike is faced with the dilemma: to go back to playing for his friend's sake or to let it go? The film starts from premises similar to the ""Spaccone"" and focuses on the same suggestions. It doesn't start badly, but it goes on worse, with an unbearable narrating voice, ""judicial"" interludes, narrative impasse. Bravi Turturro and Matt Damon; the direction is flat; dead times, many and uncontrollable. Dramas A law student befriends and ""befoes"" a fellow gambling addict and a club owner, and tensions run high when they must come up with $15k in just 5 days. Rounders Drama
The Rugrats Movie	1998	8.0	7.0	Dylan, the last born, has arrived in the Pickles family. The child wasted no time in sneaking into the territory of the Rugrats gang formed by his brother Tommy and his friends Chuckie, Phil, and Lil. While his parents are busy solving the problems of the growing family, Dylan must fight for a place in the Rugrats gang. Transgressive with tenderness, sadistic with affection, irreverent by nature, the Rugrats are the protagonists of a television series, created by Gabor Csupo and Arlene Klasky, which gathers 23 million viewers in the United States every week. Ugly, nice, uncertain with the vocabulary, bunglers, they do not resemble the ""flou"" childhood of snacks. They are funny and true and their world of reference, in the film, is ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"". Children & Family Movies, Comedies When his baby brother Dil is born, Tommy Pickles and his pals decide that he's too much responsibility and try to return him to the hospital. The Rugrats Movie Animation
The Matrix	1999	7.26	8.0	Neo is convinced that there are two very distinct realities: one represented by the existence we lead every day, the other hidden and not accessible to everyone. Neo intends to uncover the truth about the Matrix - something people don't want to talk about, a mysterious and unknown entity wielding sinister power over its very existence. But what is the Matrix? Neo thinks that the only man who can answer his questions is Morpheus, a strange character whose strange episodes are told. But it will be the meeting with Trinity to reveal the mystery of the Matrix. The charm of this optical fiber musical is in the ingenious mix of genres and styles, of atmospheres and moods: John Woo, Bruce Lee, a bit of Bruckheimer's Touch, manga comics, Asimov and Gibson, special effects that reset the albeit a recent phantasmagoric past. And above all in the radical, socio-Cartesian doubt that it instills in the viewer: might we not already be all in a ""Matrix""? Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A computer hacker learns that what most people perceive as reality is actually a simulation created by machines, and joins a rebellion to break free. The Matrix Fantasy
American History X	1998	7.41	8.0	Driven by the desire to find something to unload his anger on, Derek becomes the leader of a racist movement that advocates white supremacy. His group's punitive expeditions and constant brawls culminate in a brutal murder. In prison he repents, but his brother Danny is waiting for him at the exit, who sees him as a model to imitate ... Kaye avoids the conventions of sociological reportage and the television imperatives of the investigation and the documentary. Long experience in advertising influences his visual style. As in a successful commercial, everything acquires a value and a sense that overrides the rhetoric of the topic. Dramas A neo-Nazi gets sent to prison for murder and comes out a changed man. But can he prevent his younger brother from following in his footsteps? American History X Drama
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels	1998	6.93	7.0	Eddy, a young slacker with a passion for gambling convinces his friends, Bacon, Tom and Soap to pay him 25,000 pounds each in order to allow him to sit at the green table with Hatchet Harry, a well-known gangster in the area. He has an unfinished business with Eddy's father, the only one to have beaten him at the game, taking away enough money to open a bar. With the help of his faithful follower Barry known as Il Battista, the gangster fixes the game, wins and blackmails Eddy. The film goes at breakneck speed like ""Trainspotting"" (which he quotes almost literally at the beginning), makes fun of itself, deriding its sought after ""tarantinism"", treasures the tradition (little known to us) of English hard boiled. Ritchie conducts with incessant rhythm (comes from the video clips). Sting, seraphic and impenetrable, oversees behind the bar, while Vinnie Jones, the footballer, comes straight from the school of tough guys with a soft side. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Independent Movies Hoping to make a bundle in a high-stakes poker game, four shiftless lads from London's East End instead find themselves swimming in debt. Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels Thriller
Tarzan	1999	7.09	7.0	A newborn who has lost his parents is lovingly raised in the heart of the African jungle by a group of monkeys. Tarzan's peaceful world, as the boy is called, is shocked by the arrival of an expedition of human beings and the discovery that he belongs to their race. But along with the bad humans comes the beautiful Jane. It was Edgar Rice Burroughs himself, Tarzan's ""father"", who predicted that the perfect dimension for his creature was that of animation and after 47 adaptations he was satisfied. The Disney Tarzan is a big boy who moves in lush nature, like a surfer, but who seeks his own place in the world. It is an ""adult"" film, in the direction of ""Mulan"", complete with an ecological message. Technically perfect and plausible in the backgrounds with the nature of Ugandan reserves. Children & Family Movies After being shipwrecked off the African coast, a lone child grows up in the wild, and is destined to become lord of the jungle. Tarzan Animation
Superfly	1972	6.0	8.0	A Harlem drug dealer called Superfly, and his partner Eddie, are fed up with the ""street"" life they lead. This is why they decide to engineer the bang that can fix them forever. Unfortunately, the corrupt cops of the black quarter don't stand by the window and watch ... Stracult of blaxploitation, the B series made to measure for African Americans. Directed by the son of the director of ""Shaft"", set to music by the genius Curtis Mayfield, a small classic of its kind. The newspapers of the time criticized him a lot for the profession of the hero, drug dealer without remorse. Action & Adventure, Classic Movies, Dramas To get away from the thug life, cocaine dealer Youngblood Priest puts together one last deal that will net him enough money to start over. Superfly Action
The Trigger Effect	1996	6.0	6.0	What if the electricity goes out on a bad day? Immersed in the dark, Matt and Annie discover how easy it is for their fellows to revert to the predatory animals they originally were. They shut themselves up at home, besieged by fear, but menacing figures approach. And even running away is of little use. Original thriller that has a truly excellent cast on its side. Thrillers When a power failure throws their suburban town into chaos, Matthew and his wife stoop to desperate measures to secure medication for their child. The Trigger Effect Thriller
The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas	2000	3.5	4.0	Fred and his best friend Barney are elated because they just graduated from Bronto Crane Academy and landed a job at the Bedrock quarry. Wilma's father and mother have planned her future, including the wedding. The girl is expected to marry the super-reliable Chip Rockefeller. In order not to submit to the impositions of her parents, Wilma runs away from home. She still doesn't know that Fred is waiting for her on her way, just as her friend Betty still doesn't know that she will fall in love with Barney. Between cameos of old glories, such as Joan Collins, and the teasing of the Rolling Stones, this time the Flintstones are showing their breath and they do not even need the inclusion in the ""cast"" of the alien Gazu. Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Romantic Movies Yabba-dabba-doo! Digital dinosaurs rule the day when Fred, Barney, Betty and Wilma take Vegas by storm in this prequel that posits their lives before marriage. The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas Comedy
Space Cowboys	2000	6.63	7.0	The birth of NASA in 1958 excludes four brilliant and reckless test pilots of the Dedalus team from the new space programs. But time is never lost. The failure of a Russian satellite, Ikon, and the need to put an expert team back together to put it back in the correct geostational orbit, find them grappling with the trifles of the present. Eastwood directs with a light and affectionate hand, plays sideways with the other three performers, svisions on a solid model of narrative composure. His is a cinema that does not need to metabolize video games or advertisements. The poignant ""Fly Me to the Moon"" is worth at least a hundred raps and a ""mature movie"" can have the same freshness as a ""teen movie"". Action & Adventure, Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A retired engineer agrees to help NASA prevent a Russian satellite from falling to Earth if he and his over-the-hill pals can man the mission. Space Cowboys Fantasy
Scream 3	2000	5.53	6.0	Hollywood. After the first ritual murder, so as not to lose the habit we find ourselves on the set of the film in the movie ""Stab 3"", which should tell the real events (?) That happened in the first ""Scream"". Except that the usual crazy killer, following the suggestions of the script, kills the actors one by one, even if his aim is once again to get to Sidney. Without Kevin Williamson (who wrote the first two films), Craven has a free hand and insists much less on references to the classics; moreover, he ""frees"" Sidney, himself and the spectator from the monster in a finally original way. Horror Movies This installment of the tongue-in-cheek horror franchise finds Sidney Prescott once again battling a crazed killer – this time, on a movie set. Scream 3 Horror
Charlie's Angels	2000	5.23	5.0	The founder of Knox Technologies was kidnapped while he was in his office. The computer genius has created an application that can identify the voice. His groundbreaking invention could cause irreparable damage if it ended up in the hands of criminals. The company president uses the only man who can track down the kidnapped and knock out the kidnappers: Charlie and his Angels. Namely Natalie, Dylan and Alex ... Loosely inspired by the homonymous TV series, shamelessly copied from the Hong Kong cult ""Heroic Trio"", the film is as cheeky as it is fun. A collage of very cinephile situations, winks at the fans of the series (who recognized the quote from the episode ""Angels in chains""?), Kitsch aesthetics flaunted without shame. Superb Drew Barrymore, also producer, irresistible Cameron Diaz, lethal Lucy Liu. Their harmony is total. Unleashed because the screenplay is at grade zero: there is nothing to understand, you have fun abandoning yourself to the nonsense of history. Bill Murray / Bosley trying to start the fire makes the most serious viewers totter. Action & Adventure, Comedies Three beauties use their looks, charm and martial-arts training to kick butt on the trail of stolen software in this reboot of the classic TV series. Charlie's Angels Comedy
How the Grinch Stole Christmas	2000	5.0	6.0	The Grinch is a detestable, lazy, monstrous greenish being, who lives alone in a cave at the top of Mount Crumpit with the resigned little dog Max. The creature has a smaller heart than normal and just can't be loved by the inhabitants of the town of Kinonsò. To spite them she decides to steal next Christmas, but sweet little Cindy Lou takes care of the remedy. The one undertaken by Ron Howard was a prohibitive undertaking, due to the difficulty in bringing to the screen a text, the fruit of the pen of Theodor Seuss Geisel (Dr. Seuss), almost untranslatable. The tale was first brought to the screen in 1966 by Chuck Jones, in a memorable animated version. Supported by the extraordinary make-up of Rick Baker, Howard has managed to paint a very human and ecological (for his passion for recycling of materials!) Grinch, animated by the extraordinary physical and vocal talent of Jim Carrey, in a state of grace. The film won an Oscar for best make up. Children & Family Movies, Comedies The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas – but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart. How the Grinch Stole Christmas Fantasy
She's Gotta Have It	1986	6.82	7.0	Lola Darling, a beautiful and very lively black girl, leads an absolutely free life from a sentimental point of view in New York. Sexuality is so natural and constant in her that it makes her date three men at the same time: the fatuous Greer, the likeable cyclist Mars and the tender and devoted Jamie. From day to day the situation gets complicated and ends up becoming paradoxical. When Lola, who has finally clarified her feelings, decides to declare herself to Jamie, he, disgusted by her excessive availability, tells her no. For his debut behind the camera Spike Lee shoots a libertine and black comedy. Classic Movies, Comedies, Independent Movies A free-spirited woman can't choose between a trio of ill-suited suitors: relationship-minded Jamie, shallow male model Greer and bike messenger Mars. She's Gotta Have It Comedy
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon	2000	7.05	7.0	Li Mu Bai, one of the greatest martial arts masters, arrives in the city of Yuan along with his longtime friend Shu Lien. Li instructs Shu to give his mythical sword to Sir Te, a very influential noble. The warrior, who has devoted many years to the art of war, intends to change his life and retire to the monastery of Wudan. Li's purpose is to pay homage to his Jade Fox poisoned master. Arriving at her destination, Shu meets Jen, the governor's beautiful young daughter, and a friendship is born between the two women. Meanwhile, the sword, taken into Sir Te's custody, is stolen by a masked individual, very skilled in fighting. Were it a western film, we could consider ""The Tiger and the Dragon"" as (already) classic. In the West, critics and audiences are enthusiastic about a novelty that has been running on screens in Beijing and Hong Kong for over thirty years. Ang Lee is not Tsui Hark and the film is not as good as ""The Blade"". However, we are faced with a precious work. Because it involves in an exciting staging capable of combining poetry and violence, harmony and beauty, according to a choreography of images typical of the genre (the wu xia pian). ""The tiger and the dragon"" is therefore a cinematic ""elsewhere"": a new world where the characters fly while remaining realistic, and where magic is part of things. The film won four Oscars: for photography, scenography, soundtrack and for best foreign film. Action & Adventure, International Movies, Romantic Movies A young woman in ancient China longs for an adventurous life rather than a dull arranged marriage in Ang Lee's Oscar-winning martial arts epic. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon Action
Billy Elliot	2000	6.94	7.0	There is a mine on strike in a town in Northern England in 1984. There is an uphill glimpse of a road that leads directly into the sea. There are all the houses lined up and the miners on the brink of despair, the cops lined up with shields, the rough fathers and big brothers, stuck to boxing, picket lines, beer. And then there is an eleven-year-old boy who prefers ballet dancer's shoes with reinforced toes to boxing gloves. Son of miners, Billy wants to be a dancer, the white swan of the lake. A little bit of Loach and, above all, a lot of Mark Herman from _Thank you, Mrs. Thatcher_, where instead of ballet and a little boy's future (""Let's at least give Billy a chance,"" says his father when he is convinced), the passion for music and the honor of the miners' band: screenwriter Lee Hall (who sowed pieces of his life as a teenager in Newcastle in history) and director Stephen Daldry do not hide their references, even if they work them from the perspective of adolescence and the dream of dance. The ballets improvised by Billy (especially the central one, between the walls, on the roof, on the street) enter with an antirealistic air. The rhetoric of feelings and reconciliations is kept under strict control, so tight, however, that it risks reappearing and appearing more cumbersome. But the mixture works, the rhythm does not slacken, the actors (in the head the great Julie Walters dance teacher) are perfect. Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies When a boy trades boxing school for ballet lessons, he may take his newfound talent all the way to the top - and win over his disapproving father. Billy Elliot Comedy
Kurt & Courtney	1998	6.0	6.0	After Kurt Cobain's suicide (on April 5, 1994), a crew arrives in Seattle to shoot a documentary. Director Nick Broomfield interviews a number of people somehow close to the deceased rock star: the musician's aunt, who shows him home videos and recordings; the father of widow Courtney Love; the nurse of the son of Kurt and Courtney, friends and lovers of both. Despite Love's refusal to collaborate, Broomfield manages to compose a plausible picture of Cobain's complex personality: a shy and reserved boy, tired of constant tours and embarrassed by popularity, enslaved by the heroine demon ...  Documentaries, Music & Musicals This film charts Nirvana's Kurt Cobain's rise to fame, his drug-addled romance with Courtney Love and the conspiracy theories surrounding his death. Kurt & Courtney Documentary
American Psycho	2000	5.81	6.0	Patrick Bateman has all the numbers to look perfect; in fact, it tries to conform to the anonymous image of the classic Wall Street yuppie. What really interests him is having designer clothes and branded cars: the lust for blood that leads him to savagely and unscrupulously massacre all those who come into contact with him is linked precisely to the desire for possession. Contradictory adaptation of the book by Bret Easton Ellis. Too bad that the best moments have to give way to thriller, which Harron does not master: as if, worried, the director had kept the material under strenuous and excessive control. Comedies, Cult Movies, Dramas With chiseled good looks that belie his insanity, a businessman takes pathological pride in yuppie pursuits and indulges in sudden homicidal urges. American Psycho Thriller
Candyman	1992	6.11	7.0	Helen, a researcher at a department of the University of Illinois, is surprised to see how deeply rooted the myth of the legendary Candyman, a black man who committed heinous crimes, is in her students. Determined to dispel this legend, the woman goes to Chicago in the company of her assistant. The two find themselves in the infamous area of ​​Cabrini Green in a dilapidated building inhabited by blacks in poverty. It was in this neighborhood that a brilliant black portraitist fell in love with the young woman he was portraying a century earlier. The film is based on ""The Forbidden"", a short story by Clive Barker. Enveloping music by Philip Glass. Cult Movies, Horror Movies Grad student Helen Lyle unintentionally summons the Candyman, a hook-handed creature made flesh by other people's belief in him. Candyman Horror
Evolution	2001	3.6	5.0	A disgraced scientist and a geologist discover in a meteorite the essence that regulated evolution on (and on) Earth. The rock unleashes mutant monsters that alarm the governor of the state and the usual stupid military. A beautiful doctor also enters the scene: she will be the one to help the two men of science in their rescue. Reitman thinks of 1950s science fiction, but does not realize that the tastes of Generation X (Files) have changed. Fracassone, full of banal, exaggeratedly scatological gimmicks, the film doesn't even manage to disguise its real raison d'etre: to advertise a famous brand of shampoo. Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After two community college geology professors discover microscopic alien life-forms on a meteorite, the military and government become involved. Evolution Fantasy
The Gift	2000	6.4	7.0	In a small town in Georgia lives Annie Wilson, a woman who sees things that many people could never even imagine: usually glimpses of the future, often linked to violent events. The woman, a widow with offspring, does not abuse her own ""gift"", on the contrary, she is as patient and introspective as a psychologist with clients. One bad day, however, Annie suggests to the police where to find the body of a murdered girl and then indicates the violent Donnie as the alleged murderer, a young man who more than once has reduced his partner, a friend of Annie's, badly. past had threatened her too. Everything seems clearer, but in reality from that moment Annie sinks into a nightmare with no way out. Cast of the big deals for this supernatural thriller by Sam Raimi. In reality there seems to be little of the director of _Spider Man_, if not the job of someone who can build a minimum of suspense. The plot and some characters are clearly influenced by the screenwriter Billy Bob Thornton, who already in his remarkable _Lama sharp_ was thinking about the angelic figure of a freak (here played by Giovanni Ribisi). _The Gift_ ensures some pleasant moments, especially because Cate Blanchett renders well the disturbances of the protagonist, her fears in contact with the violence of the real world (which fears her because she is a ""witch"", except to use them when necessary) and of the supernatural one. However, he gets into the right gear too late and in the first half remains uncertain which way to take. More or less intimate, as Raimi would have liked; more or less horror. Dramas, Thrillers When the authorities find a drowned woman's body, a small-town psychic starts having visions of who committed the murder. The Gift Thriller
Spy Kids	2001	5.67	6.0	Juni and Carmen are two suburban kids bored with school and with overly self-righteous parents, they suddenly discover that dad and mom are actually two very feared international superspies. Strange thing, the two have been kidnapped by the bad guys and guess who will have to go and save them? While they are there, Juni and Carmen will also save the world from a horrible machination that involves the use of an army of robots that have the features of the children of the powerful of the Earth. How do a sanguine desecrator like Robert Rodriguez and an unrepentant seducer like Antonio Banderas, with the sulphurous aura of scandal that always surrounds them, make a perfect family film? Transforming the provocation into joyful chaos, making the colors of the story even more brilliant, without abandoning the black side that kids like so much, and making the irony erupt. Rodriguez is a talented man, capable of cooking a success with two lire (""El mariachi"") and of mixing Tarantino and Romero without losing his personality (""From sunset to dawn""). Here he is even a director, screenwriter, producer and editor (thank goodness; he rides like a god, without any of those discomforting television downtime of today); and builds the film on his imaginary: robots and mutants come out of an amusement park sideshow, a lopsided and luxuriant fairytale world that refers to the Seventies, to the ""Avengers"", to the wildest game of the imagination. Children & Family Movies, Comedies The tables are turned when pint-sized kids Carmen and Juni must rescue their secret-agent parents from the diabolical clutches of Alexander Minion. Spy Kids Comedy
Blow	2001	5.8	7.0	A voiceover, which we later discover to be that of George Jung, tells us the story of his life. George is a cheerful consumer and small-time marijuana dealer who spends his time on the California beaches of the 1970s. Then he gets an idea: why not import cocaine directly from Colombia? Said, done: his wife Mirtha and his friend Diego will be his contacts in South America ... Any reference to ""Goodfellas"" is not accidental because, at least in the voice off of the protagonist who recounts and comments on his own phantasmagoric ascent and precipitous descent, there is the same flavor of hyperreal naturalness as in Henry Hill's live diary. . Like Scorsese's 1990 film, ""Blow"" is also based on a book that tells a true story: in place of Nicholas Pileggi there is Bruce Porter, and in place of Scorsese there is Ted Demme, who continues to try but fails to grasp Uncle Jonathan's caustic genius. And to think that, in the first half, the film seems to have hit on the segmented rhythm and caustic spirit that could make it the hilarious and merciless portrait of another ""excellent American"". Difficult to do Scorsese if you do not have his sense of tragedy and his tight stylistic rigor: so ""Blow"" ends up flattening out in a narrative that runs towards a foregone conclusion, showing us nothing but a wretch who has had his life ruined ( repeatedly) by an ignoble mother and treacherous friends. Dramas Cocaine smuggler George rises from poverty to become one of the biggest drug dealers in America before his eventual downfall. Blow Drama
Swordfish	2001	6.0	6.0	Released from jail after two years, expert hacker Stanley Jobson finds himself in decidedly bad waters, also separated from his little daughter Holly (in custody of his ex-wife). So when the ambiguous but ""patriotic"" Gabriel Shear and his gorgeous partner-lover Ginger offer him an astronomical sum to help them carry out a sophisticated computer scam, Stanley can't help but accept ... Sena and producer-bomb engineer Joel Silver made the film inspired by 1960s adventure cinema, with highly spectacular ""explosive"" sequences. Captivating Travolta, the Berry fainting. Action & Adventure Determined to get his mitts on $9 billion in a secret DEA account so he can fight terrorism, a rogue agent recruits an encryption expert to hack in. Swordfish Action
The Score	2001	6.07	6.0	Nick Wells is a burglar who is contemplating indulging in a normal life, with a beautiful woman beside him and a jazz café to be run with passion, which is offered one last very rich blow. The temptation is strong and the man is not of stone and finds himself managing the blow with an old fence and a young rampant of his profession, with which some ""misunderstanding"" arises. Sometimes the cinema seems to function like the world of football where a team full of stars does not always win the championship, especially if the amalgam is missing, which some ""rich"" president believed was the name of a great player. ""The Score"" confirms this law and despite putting in the field the best of three generations of actors, Brando, De Niro and Norton, who just by writing them arouses fear, in the end the mountain gives birth to a medium-sized mouse. Frank Oz, an appreciated comedian with a pinch of madness, tries his hand at thriller and, all in all, he's not bad at telling the latest shot of a great burglar, a plot that has made the genre so successful. The rhythm, especially in the last part, is not bad, but the flavor is that of déjà-vu and the inevitable final twist doesn't add much more. Dramas, Thrillers Ready-to-retire safecracker Nick, flamboyant fence Max and talented but volatile thief Jackie team up to rob the Montreal Customs House. The Score Thriller
Along Came a Spider	2001	5.71	6.0	This is not a good time for Dr. Alex Cross: his young colleague has died in a chase and retirement is almost upon us. But fate has a new case in store for him: in a Washington pension, little Megan Rose - daughter of a movie star and a senator - has been kidnapped. All the clues seem to point to Gary Soneji, one of his professors. Jezzie, the policewoman who should have supervised the girl, is harshly taken back by her superiors, who are right next to Alex ... Alex Cross, former protagonist of _The collector_ by Gary Fleder (1998) is back: this time not with a serial killer, but with a megalomaniac kidnapper and exhibitionist who wants to emulate one of the most famous kidnappings of the century (that of the son of Charles Lindberg, the flyer of the Atlantic). Subtracks and counterplots confuse the story a lot and make the atmosphere fluctuating: but this could be a problem in the James Patterson novel from which the film is based, since even _The collector_ suffered from too many twists and turns in the narrative. However, Freeman is so good that his glance is enough to suggest restlessness and implications: his Cross enters by right among the cinematic cops to remember; and the direction of the New Zealander Tamahori is solid, with moments of effective tension (the sequence before the titles, the staging in front of the Russian embassy, ??the race for the delivery of the ransom). Thrillers When a girl is kidnapped from a prestigious prep school, a homicide detective takes the case, teaming up with young security agent. Along Came a Spider Thriller
Behind Enemy Lines	2001	3.71	5.0	A US Navy pilot, Lieutenant Burnett is ready to leave his uniform because he would like to fight and serve his country. The Serb-Bosnian conflict is a political and ethnic puzzle and the young man bites the brake. Admiral Reigart sends the young officer on reconnaissance. The plane goes off course, photographs mass graves and movements of Serbian troops and is shot down. Burnett survives, but is hunted down by soldiers and a predatory sniper. Wilson does not shake off that supporting role, the writers practice every codicil of improbability, the director is in his debut, after having impressed the producers with a commercial for a SEGA game. British TV Shows, Docuseries After dire setbacks in 1940, Winston Churchill commissions a new kind of fighting force: commandos trained to use stealth and audacious tactics. Behind Enemy Lines War
Black Hawk Down	2001	7.06	7.0	On October 3, 1993, a group of rangers and specialists from the Delta Force received the order to capture General Aidid's lieutenants gathered in the heart of Mogadishu, inside the area hostile to American troops stationed in Somalia together with the forces of the UN. The mission must last a few minutes; instead it lasts for eighteen hours of iron and fire. Two Black Hawk helicopters are shot down and the survivors are rescued ... It is not their war (of the Americans), but we know that in the cinema war is war, which is fought above all for the spirit of the body and that the rangers' code commits never to abandon a comrade in the hands of the enemy. Hot material, this episode of recent history; especially if entrusted to a producer like Jerry Buckheimer, who does not have a light hand with militarist rhetoric (and not even with the cinematographic one, on the other hand ...). But Ridley Scott's solid British ""militarism"" and great spectacular energy save Black Hawk Down. Elementary on the ideological level (but often war films are, or even must be), it has the merit of concentrating for two full and incessant hours on military action: which is hard, frenetic, immersed in blood, dust, danger, in explosions. After a Pearl Harbor in a soap key and the frenzies of Captain Corelli, a war film that does not allow itself breath or alibi. Two technical Oscars have been won, one for editing by Pietro Scalia and one for sound. Action & Adventure, Dramas When U.S. forces attempt to capture two underlings of a Somali warlord, their helicopters are shot down and the Americans suffer heavy casualties. Black Hawk Down War
Gosford Park	2001	7.36	7.0	In Gosford Park, a beautiful country estate, Sir William McCordle and his wife Sylvia organize a party destined to last all weekend. A countess, a hero of the First World War, an idol of the crowds and the American producer of the Charlie Chan films are the guests who flock to the mansion. Everything seems to be going well, until a murder is committed. Playing on an original screenplay that mimics a play, Altman throws himself among his characters, hooks them, stalks them, forces them to reveal, almost always, the worst of themselves. Closed in the unity of place (the villa) and time (two days), _Gosford Park_ is very reminiscent of _A marriage_, especially in the first part, in its ups and downs around the house, to discover a face, a betrayal, a vice, a sympathy , to weave the web of a universe that seems trapped in itself like that of the Corelli family. For once, only the people of cinema (the star Ivor Novello and the Hollywood producer) seem to have a glimmer of vitality, and perhaps the head waitress Elsie who, however, decides to try to change her life. For others, only the surface play and the deep hatred that govern coexistence between classes and within the same class is valid. Of course, he is not the greatest Altman, a bit ragged especially in the second part; but there are very few authors who know how to guide such a set (36 characters: 14 gentlemen, on the upper floors, 20 servants on the lower floors) with such lightness. Oscar for Best Original Screenplay. Comedies, Dramas, International Movies In this witty whodunit, wealthy guests and their servants gather for a weekend stay at the home of Sir William McCordle, who is soon found murdered. Gosford Park Drama
The Time Machine	2002	5.1	6.0	New York, 1899. Alexander, a brilliant scientist and inventor, falls in love with Emma. One evening while they are in Central Park they are attacked by a thief. During the collusion Emma is fatally wounded and the intervention of the rescuers is of no use. From that day Alexander has been committed to building a time machine that can change the course of events. Thanks to the device, the scientist will find himself catapulted into the future. The film is nice and funny: an adventure for kids that will not displease the grown-ups, especially those who remember _The man who lived in the future_, 1960 and in general the science fiction of the 50s also mentioned in the exquisitely ""retro"" digital effects. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Based on the H.G. Wells classic, this adventure follows a scientist and inventor who's determined to prove to doubters that time travel is possible. The Time Machine Fantasy
Panic Room	2002	6.3	6.0	Recently divorced Meg Altman and her daughter Sarah have just moved into their new home. During the night, three individuals enter the house in search of a large sum of money kept in the safe by the previous owner. Mother and daughter hide in a secret chamber, built to serve as an emergency shelter. But that's where the safe is located and the three criminals are ready to do anything to reach it. Jodie Foster moves with a company called ""Mayflowers"", the name of the boat that brought the first British colonizers to the new world. It is clear that in that ""panic room"" there is the whole of America, numb after 9/11 by a phobia that comes from within and without. David Fincher is a talented director and he proves it in the only exceptional sequence: Jodie sees the intruders from the closed circuit screen but reacts only when she ""hears"" the sound of a ball hit by accident by one of the bad guys. To reiterate a very postmodern assumption: what we see is not necessarily the truth, other senses must help us in disorientation. Unfortunately, the rest of the film navigates on sight, between very predictable twists and stereotypes of stylistic choices. Thrillers A woman and her daughter are caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with burglars in their New York City home and are forced to retreat inside a vault. Panic Room Thriller
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back	2001	4.5	6.0	Banky Edwards, longtime friend of Jay and Silent Bob, has moved to Hollywood to produce a film based on a comic book inspired by the couple's two alter egos, Bluntman & Chronic (a sort of Batman and Robin all to laugh) . To put the face of this spoof, Banky called in two Hollywood actors. The real Jay and Silent Bob, upset, decide to go to Hollywood to put a spoke in the wheel for the crew ... Kevin Smith (literally) throws shovels of excrement on the characters in his debut film, the delightful and original _Clerks_, turning him into a bad _American Pie_ clone. Comedies, Cult Movies Jay and Silent Bob's comic book alter egos have been sold to Hollywood without permission, so they head to Tinseltown to sabotage the production. Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back Comedy
Men in Black II	2002	2.67	5.0	The strange couple of federal agents who fight alien and illegal immigration to Earth return. Unfortunately one of the two, Kay (Jones) has lost his memory, a not insignificant inconvenience since he was the one who held information crucial for the safety of the planet. The sequel to ""Men in Black"" is a very blunt space halberd, with no decent idea to be one, with a TV show duration (less than an hour and a half). Barry Sonnenfeld masks widespread embarrassment by mocking Tim Burton (Danny Elfman's score helps him) but ""Mars Attacks!"" it was really something else entirely. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones reprise their roles as two highly secretive and unofficial government agents dealing with all things evil and alien. Men in Black II Fantasy
K-19: The Widowmaker	2002	6.82	7.0	We are in 1961, north of the Atlantic Ocean, in the midst of the Cold War. One of the reactors of the first Soviet nuclear submarine, the K-19, is broken: it could explode, endangering not only the life of the crew, but sparking a war between the super powers. Captain Alexei Vostrikov must decide whether to follow the Kremlin's orders or save the lives of his men. Is ""K-19"" a phoned and predictable movie? Not really because there is everything we know will be there but there is also a good narrative tension from start to finish. Thus, the (naive?) Viewer finally absolves himself: what more do you want to expect more from a submarine film? Action & Adventure, Dramas On board Russia's first nuclear ballistic submarine, Capt. Vostrikov must race against time to prevent a Chernobyl-like explosion. K-19: The Widowmaker Drama
About a Boy	2002	6.33	7.0	38-year-old Will is rich, single, and used to dating a different girl every night. Realizing that it is easier to approach women - single or divorced - with children, he pretends to be a boy-father and joins a club for single parents. Here he makes friends with Marcus, a difficult and lonely 12-year-old who will open his eyes to a different reality ... The Weitz brothers' film, based on the novel _A Boy_ by Nick Hornby, belongs above all to Hugh Grant: an actor who seems to be born for the part of Will, much more suited to this single wrinkled and minimalist at heart than to _Notting Hill_ bookseller. . Comedies, Dramas, International Movies Hip, irresponsible Londoner Will invents an imaginary son and starts attending single-parent meetings to find available women. About a Boy Comedy
Joseph: King of Dreams	2000	6.0	6.0	Giuseppe, the last child of a large family, knows how to predict the future by interpreting dreams. The parents decide to send him to school, but the jealous brothers simulate his disappearance to sell him as a slave. He will land at the court of the pharaoh, will enter into his good graces. DreamWorks produces. Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Faith & Spirituality With his gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat, Joseph inspires jealousy in his brothers in this animated Bible story. Joseph: King of Dreams Animation
Gangs of New York	2002	7.38	7.0	New York, second half of the 19th century: Americans and Irish immigrants are fighting to divide up the territory and the management of illicit affairs. In particular, the challenge is between the ""Dead Rabbits"", led by the young Amsterdam Vallon, and the ""Natives"", led by the ruthless Bill Poole known as ""the Butcher"". The clash is getting more and more ferocious, because Amsterdam is driven by the desire to avenge the death of his father, who was murdered by Poole some time ago. In turn, Poole wants to kill the young Vallon to definitively assert his dominance over the city ... Barbaric, extreme and dizzying, the film is based on a mathematical clarity of purpose: the history of peoples and races (all) is made with blood, with quarters of a pound torn from the body of the vanquished enemies, with revenge that shakes the generations, with blind hatred towards an ""other"" (any one). Each blow exhibits or hides its wounds, each race counts its dead and each city its craters and cemeteries. Among the characters of Scorsese (and of the screenwriters Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian and Kenneth Lonergan, from a book by Herbert Asbury) there is not one who is totally bad: even Bill the Butcher has chivalrous heights and tragic moments of intimacy and doubt. ; while Amsterdam does not hesitate for a moment to appropriate the weapons and obscene fury of enemies and predecessors. And when everything stops for a moment, smoke, rubble, silence and dust remain; and civilizations rise on the tombstones. Yesterday like today. Dramas In the crime-ridden slums of New York in the 1860s, vengeful orphan Amsterdam Vallon joins the cutthroat gang of his father's killer, Bill the Butcher. Gangs of New York Drama
The Tuxedo	2002	4.25	5.0	Former taxi driver Jimmy Tong, who has become the driver of billionaire Clark Devlin, knows that the only rule not to break when working for the rich playboy is not to touch his precious tuxedo. But one day Jimmy cannot resist the temptation to wear the magnificent evening dress and finds himself involved in a dangerous spy affair that turns him into an unwitting, but very elegant, secret agent. The film continues boringly until the usual ""chaniani"" credits with wrong takes that are better than the real ones. The result, however, does not seem up to par with the recent Jackie Chan films. Action & Adventure, Comedies After a government spy is hospitalized, New York City cab driver Jimmy unwillingly takes over the spy's role – with the aid of a computerized tuxedo. The Tuxedo Comedy
The Matrix Reloaded	2003	5.65	6.0	Neo and the rebel leaders have approximately 72 hours before 250,000 probes discover Zion and destroy it along with its inhabitants. Meanwhile, Neo must decide how to save Trinity from a dark fate that he continues to see in his dreams ... The second chapter of the saga re-proposes the usual mixture of Japanese martial arts and ""anime"" - with a dressing of mysticism, apocalyptic millennialism, sci-fi narrative suggestions - and a very ""à la page"" visual approach (who would not want to wear black tunics or minimalist leather rompers or the poor or ethnic fake rags of the inhabitants of Zion?). In reality, _Matrix_ must be taken for what it is: a very well-made and equally fashionable toy, which at a narrative and visual level takes hold of all the pre-existing literary and cinematographic science fiction, recomposing it and reassembling it with a great sense of rhythm and extraordinary action sequences (the one on the highway, for example, or Neo's dream about Trinity). If we accept the fact that Matrix is ??not the Bible for the third millennium, which won't help us make our choices, we will also accept its very rare human thrills and the vaguely ""plasticized"" effect of the whole. As an entertainment, it is a top notch product. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy The crew must protect Zion, the last outpost still under human control, after it is pinpointed by the machines responsible for the Matrix. The Matrix Reloaded Fantasy
Mystic River	2003	8.71	8.0	Sean, Dave and Jimmy were inseparable as children, but they lost sight of each other after a tragic event that changed their lives forever: the kidnapping of Dave by two pedophiles. To bring them together, 25 years later, is another tragedy: the murder of Jimmy's eldest daughter. Sean, now a police detective, is on duty in the area and is in charge of the case. But Jimmy, a former inmate, doesn't trust the law and starts investigating on his own; day after day, Dave ends up being the main suspect, but more conflicts and other drama have yet to unfold ... Conducting with a classic calmness that now has few equals (fields, reverse shots, small zooms on close-ups and alternate editing in the most tense scenes: in particular the long and nocturnal one of the pre-final, which follows Jimmy and Dave on the one hand and Sean on the other), sparing in words and almost hostile to any possible virtuosity, Eastwood guides our instincts with the imperceptible choices of the camera: menacingly low, treacherous in the opening sequence, and then again when we approach the subsequent revelations; at times tall and relentless, ready to swoop down into the neighborhood and across the river that cuts through Boston, to reveal terrible truths. Screenplay by Brian Helgeland (former collaborator of Clint for _Blood Debt_, as well as director in his own right for _Payback - Porter's revenge_ and _The fate of a knight_), from the novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane. Dramas, Thrillers Tragedy reunites childhood friends Sean, Dave and Jimmy when they're linked together in a murder investigation about Jimmy's teenage daughter. Mystic River Drama
Anger Management	2003	5.31	6.0	Judge Daniels, because of a misunderstanding, the mild-mannered Dave a short-tempered and quarrelsome subject, requires him to undergo the anger management sessions held by Dr. Rydell. The decidedly unorthodox approach to therapy scares Dave a lot, who by a twist of fate is forced to intensify the sessions to avoid ending up in prison. The strange doctor decides to move to his house to help him but Dave is on the verge of a nervous breakdown. The best things about the film are the special invitations and the ""cameos"" (John Turturro in the part of the violent patient, Woody Harrelson in that of Galaxia, Rudolph Giuliani as himself) and _I Feel Pretty_ from _West Side Story_ intoned to calm the morning stress . Comedies After a gentle businessman is forced to get anger management counseling, his therapist moves in – but turns out to have anger issues of his own. Anger Management Comedy
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle	2003	4.56	5.0	Charlie's Angels are tasked with recovering two particularly valuable titanium rings, containing encrypted information that reveals the new identity of all people included in the federal witness protection program. When some of the latter are found lifeless, Nathalie Cook, Dylan Sanders and Alex Munday set out on the trail of the culprit - a mysterious ""fallen"" Angel - willing to do anything to stop him ... For the irresistible Lucy Liu, the calendar is an irrelevant option, while Drew Barrymore and Cameron Diaz - not to mention the new ""villain"" Demi Moore (gold guns, fur coat, designer lingerie and perennial diet bikinis) - begin to feel the weight of the springs. The personal-anatomical detail would be irrelevant if we were not faced with a sequel that sets its communication mission on the image, the look of the performers, the design kitsch, the clothes, the fold of the hair and other accessories. The director claims to admire Hitchcock, the Mike Nichols of the graduate and David Lean: but the lessons of the classics are irrelevant for a film that spoils the plot as soon as the opportunity arises to insert engravings and ""numbers"" (the Diaz dancer waits with anxiety his musical). A colorful, phonata, enameled, alluring digression (all in all quite funny) on a fiction in which the laws of physics and ""characters"" correspond to those of cartoons. Action & Adventure, Comedies In this reboot of the TV classic, the Angels are tasked with finding lost rings encoded with the personal information of people in witness protection. Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle Action
Equilibrium	2002	5.43	6.0	Peace reigns in Libria. The rules governing the library system are very simple: those who are happy are arrested, those who cry are punishable by justice. Reading a book or contemplating a painting is considered a crime, and if you don't take Pozium - the medicine imposed by the state - on a daily basis, capital punishment is expected. Senior government official John Preston has always believed in these rules, but one day he skips his daily dose of Pozium, discovers a world of incredible sensations and decides it's time to fight for freedom ... Enjoyable, in spite of the predictability and the copiousness / quotations: book fires and mega-screens as in _Fahrenheit 451_, megacities and backlit interiors as in _Blade Runner_ and above all continuous winks at the Dickian vulgate and at the counter-utopias of films like _Gattaca_ or _Matrix_ (from martial arts to clothing, even to the poster). Action & Adventure, Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. Equilibrium Fantasy
Paid in Full	2002	4.5	5.0	Harlem neighborhood, 1980s. Ace who works in a dry cleaner envies his friends Mitch and Calvin who drive around in luxurious cars and in the latest fashion. His life suddenly changes thanks to the meeting with Lulu, a drug dealer who manages to involve him in drug dealing. Ace soon becomes powerful, but has a crisis of conscience when his friends and family fall victim to his shady dealings. The story of Ace and his cronies is true only in impersonal frames and in the lines of a weak and ordinary script. Even the American critics who have less appreciation for the film (the American reactions have been average-thumb) have underlined the strength of the actors' interpretations, observed in an overheated and empty Italian room, the performances of the interpreters seem (will it depend on the dubbing?) Pitiful and devoid of charisma or that anonymity that functions as the essence of a false cinema of reality. Action & Adventure, Dramas This fictionalized account of three real-life notorious Harlem drug dealers is told in flashbacks as they plunge into the world of hustling. Paid in Full Drama
Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd	2003	3.5	3.0	From day one in college, Lloyd Christmas realizes that he has found an inseparable friend in Harry Dune. The boys, without realizing it, fall into the net of the corrupt principal Collins and his girlfriend, the coordinator of the canteen service: the two want to turn them into the first students of a fictional class for ""special"" students to defraud $ 100,000 in grants. But the beautiful reporter from the school newspaper realizes that there is something sinister underneath. The pre-production ends brilliantly. There remains the problem of a comic film that is not funny because the jokes and almost all the gags of the situation are sloppy. Between the two actors, Olsen gets along better than his colleague only because he struggles to imitate Carrey. Comedies This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained title characters' days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school. Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd Comedy
What a Girl Wants	2003	2.5	5.0	Seventeen-year-old Daphne's parents had to end their overwhelming romance due to opposition from his aristocratic family. Now a desire has arisen in Daphne to meet her father, who lives in London: to her surprise, the girl discovers that it is Henry Dashwood, an important politician. As his arrival threatens to jeopardize his father's success in the upcoming elections, Daphne strives to help him despite the hostility of Glynnis, Henry's new girlfriend, and Clarissa, Glynnis's jealous daughter ... Pale remake of _How to marry a daughter_ (1958) by Vincente Minnelli. Children & Family Movies, Comedies In search of the father she's never met, the daughter of a bohemian American woman heads to Europe and finds that her dad is an uptight politician. What a Girl Wants Comedy
Bad Boys II	2003	4.67	5.0	Miami narcotics team detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are on a task force to stem the spread of ecstasy in the city. Unintentionally, they discover a grandiose conspiracy involving a ruthless drug lord, willing to kill anyone who intrudes on his plans to control all drug trafficking. To complicate the situation comes Syd, Marcus's sister and undercover agent of the drug team. In other times, it would have been a harmless C-series short film, ironic and quick. With producer Bruckheimer's estrogen, it becomes a kind of bewildering blockbuster, inexplicably lasting two and a half hours and piling up chases with thirty crashed cars or slow motion scenes of a bullet piercing Martin Lawrence's buttock. Action & Adventure, Comedies In this hyperkinetic sequel, a pair of Miami narcotics cops investigate a Cuban drug kingpin's connection to Florida's influx of Ecstasy. Bad Boys II Action
Daddy Day Care	2003	3.86	5.0	Charlie and Phil are so engrossed in their job as a publicist that they have completely lost sight of the joys of parenthood. However, following the failure of their advertising campaign on a new type of vegetable cereal, the two are fired and are forced to withdraw their children from the exclusive asylum they were enrolled in. While waiting for a new job, they are the ones who take care of the little ones and consequently have the idea of ??taking care of a dozen children. But the beginnings are not as easy as they expected. Eddie Murphy chatting to animals in _Doctor Dolittle_, reading bedtime stories and wrestling ""bathroom"" comedy in _Dads Kindergarten_ hints that time for the disruptive and rousing comedian of _48 hours_ and _Beverly Hills Cop_ is up . Children & Family Movies, Comedies When a conscientious father loses his lucrative dot-com job and faces economic ruin, he joins two friends in opening a business called Daddy Day Care. Daddy Day Care Comedy
The Matrix Revolutions	2003	4.64	6.0	War has broken out and the army of the Machines advances relentlessly on Zion. Will the citizens of the last human stronghold be able to hold out until the Chosen One finds within himself the power and courage to put an end to the conflict once and for all? In this third chapter there are losses, mourning, allegorical blindness, the usual rosary from a philosophical compendium, mélo moments, figurative intuitions. In the incessant rain that bathes the fatal clash of the war of the worlds, however, the identity of the characters, the body and time of the story, the identification of the spectators, the geometry of the set and the field of vision also go under water. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy The final installment in the Matrix trilogy finds an unconscious Neo trapped in a subway station in a zone between the Matrix and the machine world. The Matrix Revolutions Fantasy
BASEketball	1998	4.25	6.0	In addition to being losers and unemployed, Joe and Doug are definitely not cut out for traditional sports, so they invent one tailored for them: the ""Baseketball"", a hybrid (totally static) between basketball and baseball ... Zucker hires the two creators of _South Park_ and stays in the demented area: we laugh, but in moderation. Comedies, Sports Movies When two slackers' made-up sport, BASEketball, becomes a national craze, they hope to cash in on the basketball/baseball hybrid's popularity. BASEketball Comedy
Tears of the Sun	2003	3.71	4.0	A.K. Waters, commander of a US Navy special team, is sent on a mission to the Nigerian jungle to rescue Dr. Lena Kendricks. The woman is willing to leave the country only on condition that the seventy refugees who are with her are also taken away. We are not spared any predicted and predictable stereotype, from the sunsets to the musicone (by Hans Zimmer and to think we once esteemed him), from the key sequences (the massacre in the village) to the villains. The American actor only acts with the folds of his eyes and mouth (and that's not a compliment). Action & Adventure, Dramas A Navy SEAL is sent to a war-torn African jungle to rescue a doctor, only to realize he must also save the refugees in the physician's care. Tears of the Sun Action
Mona Lisa Smile	2003	6.18	6.0	Katherine Watson, an idealistic and stubborn art history teacher, upsets the dull and repressive climate of Wellesley's girls' college (where America's richest and brightest girls study). Katherine encourages her students to look beyond the established in art and think for themselves. Between cintz and bon ton lessons, the female cast moves at ease: Julia Roberts is a modernized Katharine Hepburn; Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, Maggie Gyllenhaal and Ginnifer Goodwin look like young women straight out of a Sirk movie, while Marcia Gay Harden is a fluffy marvel stiffened by busts and frustrations. An honest film, where the background, only at times unmasked, weaves an inextricable web. Dramas In 1953, the women of Wellesley College are measured by how well they marry – until the arrival of a professor who threatens to upend the status quo. Mona Lisa Smile Comedy
Something's Gotta Give	2003	6.14	6.0	Harry Sanborn is an unrepentant bachelor who only dates women under thirty. While spending a romantic weekend with Marin, his latest flame in her mother's beach house suffers a heart attack. Marin's mother, Erica Barry, a successful playwright, reluctantly agrees to take care of the man who, on the advice of the young doctor who is treating him, cannot leave the house. As time goes on, Harry feels inexplicably attracted to Erica, but he's not alone. Even the doctor courts her ... Nancy Meyers shoots all the verve, irony and ailments of the unusual couple in the first forty minutes, where the two protagonists and Frances McDormand (her feminist sister) give their best. But the jokes thin out when the romance takes over. And unfortunately the film lasts two hours and seven minutes. Comedies, Romantic Movies Still sexy at 60, Harry Sanborn wines and dines women half his age. But a getaway with his girlfriend goes awry when her mother drops in unannounced. Something's Gotta Give Comedy
Gothika	2003	5.64	6.0	Under the supervision of her husband, director of the psychiatric ward of a women's prison, the criminal psychologist Miranda Gray follows dangerous patient-inmates suffering from mental disorders. One of them, Chloe, is a devil-obsessed killer. The meeting with an enigmatic girl upsets the doctor's life: recovering after a terrible accident, the woman discovers that her husband has been murdered and she is accused of the heinous crime. Miranda is thus relegated to Woodward ... In his first Hollywood experience (produced by Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis), Kassovitz does all he can to keep the helm of the story firm and not to be blown away by the currents of apparent truths, by premeditated symptoms, by the restlessness of voices, words, writings. and invisible entities; from the parareligious possessions, from the demonic nightmares of which Chloe speaks; from the sinister visions of Miranda who, after a fatal and ghostly night, is accused of brutally slaughtering her husband. Horror Movies, Thrillers After a car crash, a criminal psychiatrist awakens to find that she's a patient in the same mental institution that currently employs her. Gothika Thriller
The In-Laws	2003	5.67	6.0	The peaceful existence of podiatrist Jerry Peyser is literally shattered by meeting future consu-in-law Steve Tobias. The latter, a reckless CIA official who spends his days dodging bullets and meeting dangerous arms dealers, involves him in spite of himself in a series of breathtaking adventures around the world. The odd couple works and the two actors are in good harmony, some lines are guessed, environments and characters are deliberately farcical. The characterizations of the two consuocere are amusing. Dull, the betrothed. The film is a decent remake of _A strange couple of in-laws_. Action & Adventure, Comedies Daredevil secret agent and father of the groom Steve gives conservative podiatrist and father of the bride Jerry prenuptial jitters when they meet. The In-Laws Comedy
Money Talks	1997	6.0	5.0	A report by TV journalist James Russell draws police attention to the modest illegal activities of Franklin Hatchett, who thus finds himself in a jail. During the transfers from one prison to another, Hatchett is handcuffed to Raymond Villard, a jewel thief in a big way: the latter's thieves attack the cell phone, killing several victims but managing to free their boss. Now Hatchett is a wild bird too, although he has a heavy accusation of murder on his head: therefore all he has to do is turn to Russell, to whom he proposes a pact ... Yet another variation on the theme of the ""strange couple"". Action & Adventure, Comedies TV news reporter James Russell helps put small-time criminal Franklin Hatchett in jail, but turns to protecting Hatchett when he escapes from prison. Money Talks Comedy
Troy	2004	5.0	6.0	1193 a. C .: Paris, prince of Troy, kidnaps Helen, queen of Sparta and wife of Menelaus. This episode unleashes a war destined to last ten years, which will have as main antagonists Achilles for the Greeks and Hector for the Trojans. Expecting the film to be something other than what it is, appears ridiculous and superfluous, revives the prejudice about the inferiority and ""vulgarity"" of cinema, makes us forget the rule according to which a film inspired by a book - of very high value or of banal consumption - must have the courage and the impudence to betray it. All the more reason, in the case of a Hollywood blockbuster, imagined, written, shot and launched to be a summer blockbuster, this laborious ""betrayal"" has to stick more to the conventions of one ""genre"" than to another. As usual, the hand of the Teutonic Petersen is not the lightest, but in the end the result holds: faithful to the narrative economy, the star mix, the simple structural lines, the dialogues, the rhythms of the ""peplum"" (which is has always been considered by most critics to be a minor trend, a low practice in the mosaic of artisanal cinema production). The fun is not lacking, and even those who will not be able to get into the spirit of the film will not fail to appreciate the beautiful scene in which Priam asks Achille for the corpse of his son Ettore. Action & Adventure, Dramas The love-struck Prince Paris of Troy kidnaps beauty Helen from her husband, setting the two nations on a collision course for war. Troy Mythology
Miracle	2004	6.8	6.0	The true story of Herb Brooks, coach of the US hockey team, at the 1980 Lake Placid Winter Olympics. Herb will have to overcome several obstacles: select the best players, mix them together avoiding arguments and unnecessary jealousies, protect them from external pressures to perform the ""miracle"" "", that is, defeating the unbeatable Soviet national. Every detail is true, every episode is documented, with a desire for redemption capable of eating all the ice minute by minute. Add to it a rhetoric kept at bay by the director, well-balanced political implications in the background and shots that thrill even non-hockey fans, and here is an average film of nice dignity. Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Sports Movies U.S. hockey coach Herb Brooks unites a motley crew of college athletes and turns them into a force to be reckoned with at the 1980 Winter Olympics. Miracle Comedy
Starsky & Hutch	2004	5.87	6.0	The strange pair of agents formed by the precise David Starsky and the relaxed Ken ""Hutch"" Hutchinson on their first day of work together must investigate a murder case: a body has surfaced on the coast of Bay City. With the help of Huggy Bear, their informant and two pom pom girls, the two agents set out on the trail of a wealthy businessman suspected of being the perpetrator of the murder. In reading, in filigree, one of the most popular and followed TV series of the 70s, the director, counting on the complicity of set and life of Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson, plays with the show as a modern collector would do. Action & Adventure, Comedies New undercover cop partners Starsky and Hutch must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear. Starsky & Hutch Comedy
Hellboy	2004	5.21	6.0	1944: a mysterious magical ritual wanted by a group of Nazis generates a child with demonic features. The creature - called ""Hellboy"" - is saved by Dr. Broom; who, after some time, gets him a job at Broom's Bureau, an institute for the defense of the paranormal. This is where the young man realizes the breadth of his powers and becomes a great detective ... Ordinary tricks, including Rick Baker's for Perlman. If we really have to choose a discreet scene, we opt for the one in the subway: the rest is just enough, including the performers. It will go much better in the second chapter. Action & Adventure, Cult Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy This fast-paced action flick tells the dark story of Hellboy, a charismatic demon who's put on Earth by the Nazis to terrorize the rest of the world. Hellboy Super-hero
National Treasure	2004	5.53	6.0	Benjamin Franklin Gates is the latest descendant of a family for six generations engaged in the search for the treasure of the Templars, war booty of the founding fathers of the United States. Benjamin, having learned that the map is hidden on the back of the Declaration of Independence, has to deal with those who would like to get hold of the precious document. He then devises a plan in which technology wizard Riley and Abigail, director of the Washington National Archives collaborate. The rhythm is fast-paced, the characters are pure narrative functions (Justin Bartha is a good shoulder), the editing is not boring, the music is migraine. Action & Adventure, Children & Family Movies Modern treasure hunters search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin. National Treasure Adventure
Ocean's Twelve	2004	5.52	6.0	Danny Ocean gathers his team for three new hits that this time target three different cities: Rome, London and Amsterdam. Meanwhile, Terry Benedict, owner of the casino in Las Vegas burglarized in the past by Danny, wants his 160 million dollars back and prepares his terrible revenge ... The film is a documentary about a team of actors who, rather than act, stand on show and pose, interpret without identifying with the characters, distort their roles, parade in the streets of Rome, on the canals of Amsterdam, on the streets of Paris, on the banks of Lake Como for a relaxed crime comedy, for a hit from the usual suspects. Action & Adventure, Comedies Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in a caper covering three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam. Ocean's Twelve Comedy
The Phantom of the Opera	2004	6.0	6.0	Erik, a disfigured boy wanders with his face covered by a mask behind the scenes of the Paris Opera, sowing terror. The only person he cares about is Christine, who he is in love with. The musical score draws, the scenographic system is sumptuous and deliberately kitsch. One of the problems (and has no extenuating circumstances) of the film branded with the name of Webber, is the very modest direction of Schumacher. Boring, immobile, dazed. A direction inferior to the inventions, dynamism and twists of the theatrical productions of the musical. Dramas, Music & Musicals, Romantic Movies In 1870, a disfigured recluse roams beneath a Parisian opera house and takes under his wing a young soprano, with whom a love triangle develops. The Phantom of the Opera Musical
Christmas with the Kranks	2004	3.8	5.0	Fed up with the commercialization of Christmas, Luther and Nora Krank go on vacation to escape their end-of-year obligations. But when suddenly the daughter decides to spend the holidays with the family, Luther and Nora, reluctantly, must take action to make the house welcoming ... The cast works, but Roth's direction is completely irremediable, for whom the word ""time"" does not seem to exist: the camera is perpetually delayed in the rhythm of the lines, the gags are diluted, even the gaps between a scene and the other are painstakingly slowed down. Italian dubbing does not help, but for once it is not the main cause of the disaster. Children & Family Movies, Comedies When Luther Krank and his wife opt to skip Christmas – no tree and no rooftop Frosty – can they handle the fallout from their family and neighbors? Christmas with the Kranks Comedy
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre	1974	7.83	8.0	In Newton, Texas, someone has desecrated some graves, amputating the limbs and heads of the corpses. The authorities are alerted, but they seem unable to deal with it. Meanwhile, a group of young people decide to spend the weekend in that region in a van. Running out of petrol, the boys and girls separately reach a house inhabited by a family of butchers: whose pater familias, however, has every intention of feeding his slaughterhouse with their bodies ... Splendid horror with an unhealthy and distressing atmosphere, which suggests an unprecedented violence without ever showing it completely. With three sequels, a prequel and a remake. Cult Movies, Horror Movies, Independent Movies When some friends visit a vandalized graveyard, they come upon a chainsaw-wielding maniac, and it's a fight to the bloody death between good and evil. The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Horror
Popeye	1980	5.08	5.0	The sailor Popeye, raised as an orphan but now in search of his father, arrives in the port village of Sweethaven. Here she would like to stay in the inn of Olivia's family, which she falls in love with despite the fact that she is already betrothed to Bluto, the sheriff who tyrannizes the country. Shot in Malta on a large set, the film has its only merit in its almost philological fidelity to Segar's strips and the Fleischer brothers' cartoons, but its transposition into a live action feature film meets disastrous results. The characters' crippled speech and their dramatic excesses, as well as the agitated rhythm, are irritating after a few minutes. The coup de grace comes with the singing numbers. Action & Adventure, Children & Family Movies, Comedies During a storm that wrecks his ship, super-strong sailor Popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the Oyl household, where he meets Olive. Popeye Comedy
Sin City	2005	6.64	7.0	Sin City is a violent city where everything exudes corruption (even the police department). Here we follow the story of three men: Marv, seeking revenge after he finds the beautiful Goldie, with whom he spent only one night, a corpse in his bed; ex-photographer Dwight who accidentally killed a heroic cop and has to fix things; and policeman Hartigan in jail for a crime he didn't commit ... The result, from an aesthetic point of view, is sumptuous, perfect. But also cold. Moreover, and it is the worst thing, the film is the same as comics but not having understood the meaning it becomes a sterile replica. Action & Adventure In these intertwined tales, an ex-con avenges a hooker's death, a gumshoe gets mixed up with dangerous vixens, and a cop saves a dancer from a rapist. Sin City Noir
Layer Cake	2004	6.8	6.0	A refined businessman got rich by trading cocaine and ecstasy. But when he decides it's time to retire to enjoy the illicit gains, he finds himself having to return two favors to evil boss Jimmy Price. The conquest of freedom is not as immediate as he thought ... You can't say the movie is bad, but you can't say it cares that much either. It is a pity that we have not opted for greater sobriety: there is even the feeling that too many open slopes are struggling to close. The cast, while Kenneth Cranham and Jamie Foreman are beyond any line, is still luxurious: Michael Gambon makes an impression and Daniel Craig is remarkable. Independent Movies, International Movies, Thrillers A seasoned British drug dealer longs to ditch his illegal trade. But he can't do that without wrapping up just one more job. Layer Cake Thriller
The Brothers Grimm	2005	5.75	6.0	During the Napoleonic Empire, Will and Jack Grimm made their living by protecting peasants from monsters and demons with the help of exorcisms and fake magic formulas. When the French authorities discover that the two are deceivers, Will and Jack, to escape arrest, find refuge in an enchanted forest where they meet a sorceress who tests their courage. Critics have been hostile to this film, but if the writing shows uncertainties, the image takes her by the hand and supports her. The hide and seek game between reality and fantasy transports the viewer to an alchemical cinema where each shot shows an extraordinary wealth of details and a multiplication of the action, as in the great paintings by Bosch and Bruegel, without giving up making us smile at our fears. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Brothers Jake and Will Grimm travel from village to village, posing as exterminators of magical creatures. But in reality, they're expert con artists. The Brothers Grimm Fantasy
Chicken Little	2005	4.7	5.0	The little chicken Chicken Little causes panic when it raises the alarm for a piece of sky falling. He becomes the laughing stock of the city and just as people begin to forget, a piece of sky really falls on their heads. This time Chicken Little and his bunch of friends really have to save the world ... What is new about this zoomorphic animation from Disney that has caught up with the times (from Pixar)? That we must always think that tomorrow will be a better day, and have self-confidence. The problem is that he spits it out to us, more than self-evidently, from the very first minute, and forgets a little thing called intertwining, or conflict. Children & Family Movies, Comedies No one believes Chicken Little when he tries to warn of an alien invasion – so it's up to him and his misfit friends to save the world! Chicken Little Animation
The Pink Panther	2006	6.36	5.0	Inspector Jacques Clouseau must investigate the disappearance of the legendary diamond called ""Pink Panther"" and the death of its rightful owner, the famous coach of the French national team Yves Gluant. With the assistant Gilbert Ponton and the devoted secretary Nicole, Nostro carries on the investigation between Paris and New York focusing on three main suspects ... Clouseau is no longer a ""monster"", but a sympathetic clumsy, who even happens to solve a case (while the ""authentic"" inspector has never happened, except by accident, and in any case he never noticed it ). Which evidently, for any admirer of pure Clouseauian madness, is disappointing; because in this way an entire imaginary and spatial universe is no longer put in crisis, but a simple parody is made. The lack of any idea of ??direction does not improve the operation. However, at least three gags work well (the English lesson, the globe - especially the ""second bar"", Monty Python style - and Martin and Reno's disguise at the final party): it could have been worse. Children & Family Movies, Comedies Bumbling Inspector Clouseau must solve the murder of a world-famous soccer coach and catch the thief who stole his priceless diamond ring. The Pink Panther Comedy
16 Blocks	2006	6.57	7.0	At the end of the shift, Detective Jack Mosley is assigned to accompany Eddie Bunker, a petty criminal, to the courthouse sixteen blocks away. It would seem like a chore, but the situation becomes complicated when a black van starts following them and Eddie is in danger of coming to a bad end ... A real metropolitan western (there is also an ambulance-coach), almost exemplary in its essentiality. Apart from the twist that explains everything, the film has a crystalline linearity and direction, units of time, place and action in the closed perimeter of a city full of traps. Willis and Morse perfectly in part. Action & Adventure Tasked with escorting a prosecution witness to court, an aging cop gears up for the 16-block trek – but they'll be lucky to make it there alive. 16 Blocks Crime
The Squid and the Whale	2005	6.63	7.0	The Berkmans are an eccentric New York family. His father Bernard has a past as a writer but currently teaches, while his mother Joan discovers that she also has a talent for writing, causing her husband's envy and jealousy and throwing the two children into tension. To complicate matters, it is the affairs of the heart: Bernard falls in love with a young student, Joan with his son's tennis teacher ... Excellent use of the actors (as usual, senselessly dubbed), the relationships between the characters are shown with sufficient ambiguity, without judging, poised between participation and antipathy, as in a minimal and softened Solondz. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies This insightful drama looks at the crumbling marriage between a self-centered novelist – whose career is waning – and his up-and-coming writer wife. The Squid and the Whale Comedy
Yours, Mine and Ours	2005	3.5	4.0	Frank and Helen, both widowed, reunite after 30 years and discover they love each other as in their youth. They would like to get married but have to deal with their 18 children who do not look favorably on a possible expansion of the family ... If the plot reminds you of anything, it is because about forty years ago in Melville Shavelson's _Appointment under the bed_ it was Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball's turn to face the same situation, inspired by a true story. In this ultra-classic and conservative family comedy, the screenwriters also draw a little from Shavelson's _Un husband for Cinzia_. The only updates are in the fact that now to know something about the person we like we type his name on Google and that even the former flower daughters cry on the ending of _Official and gentleman_. Quaid and Russo (who never get angry !!!) work well, harmless plastic figurines on computer-reconstructed skies and seas, replicants of a cinema that is now impractical and, one wonders, for which families. Children & Family Movies, Comedies When a father of eight and a mother of 10 prepare to wed, the couple's children attempt to sabotage the union in this remake of a 1968 comedy. Yours, Mine and Ours Comedy
Babel	2006	7.32	7.0	Three intertwined events but set in Morocco, Tunisia, Mexico and Japan. It all begins when tragedy strikes a couple on vacation ... The story comes and goes, in time and space, attentive to time zones, lights, bodies, sounds of so many different continents. In every narrated life, the hesitations of ancient misunderstandings that we all pay daily are intertwined: a couple parched by misunderstandings, a father and a daughter closed in their respective universes, a Mexican governess who is unable to break through the cultural barriers of America, a Moroccan family which faces the undoing of traditional values. Dramas, Independent Movies When an American couple vacationing in Morocco falls victim to a random act of violence, a series of events unfolds across four countries. Babel Drama
Poseidon	2006	5.5	6.0	On New Year's Eve, while the passengers are celebrating, a 50-meter tidal wave hits the luxurious Poseidon ship and capsizes it. The survivors, led by Dylan and Robert, try to escape ... Wolfgang Petersen said he took his cue from _The Adventure of Poseidon_ by Roland Neame (founder, in 1972, of the ""catastrophic""), to write a new screenplay, with contemporary characters. And that the story of Poseidon is the story of these characters. This demonstrates that contemporaneity, especially cinematic, is far flatter and duller than the past. In fact, Petersen's film, with means that Neame's did not even dream of, works well, especially in the first part, on a spectacular and ""anxious"" level. Too bad the characters are less interesting than those embarked on any _Love Boat_. Action & Adventure, Dramas A tidal wave spells disaster for a ship of New Year's Eve revelers when it capsizes the mammoth vessel, sending passengers into a battle for survival. Poseidon Action
The Break-Up	2006	5.0	5.0	Brooke and Gary's relationship has come to an end, but neither of them wants to leave the apartment they live in. On the advice of their respective friends and confidants, the two decide to resort to any means to persuade the other person to leave ... Peyton Reed (_Abbasso d'amore - Down with Love_) knows how to direct a film (and above all he knows how to close it), but the script, especially in the first part, is less sharp and quick than one would expect from a comedy. The best jokes go to the co-stars, friends and relatives of her and him, and above all to the magnificent Marilyn Dean, the owner-despot of the art gallery (a prodigious Judy Davis), who reveals the formula ""Telly Savalas"", or his secret weapon for (re) conquest. Comedies, Dramas, Romantic Movies Cohabitating couple Gary and Brooke's petty spats turn into an all-out battle for their home condo. The Break-Up Comedy
The Lake House	2006	5.13	6.0	Kate Forester, a doctor who lives alone, begins a close correspondence with the architect Alex Burnham, the new tenant of her house on the lake. the letters that the two exchange are more and more passionate until they discover that they live in different years and that to meet they must overcome the temporal barrier that separates them. The central idea of ??this film (remake of the Korean _Il mare_) was suggestive, almost a concentrate of the sense of melodrama, suspended between time and eternity: from _The portrait of Jennie_ to _Dream of a prisoner_, to _If you let me delete you_ by Gondry. Written with discreet skill before inevitably wrapping itself between temporal planes, the American version was entrusted to a non-brilliant Argentine director, who floods the whole of songs (up to Paolo Conte), but at times manages to do in a small song of love for Chicago, home of the visionary architecture of the 20th century. But the real temporal paradox that makes the film interesting is the central couple of actors, who find themselves together after _Speed_ (1994) and seem to want to go back to when she was still a diva and he was not yet enchanted by the _Matrix_ saga. Dramas, Romantic Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A lonely doctor begins writing letters to the frustrated architect who lives in her former home, only to discover that they're living two years apart. The Lake House Romantic
The Waterboy	1998	3.8	5.0	Bobby is a water carrier for the college football team in the country where he lives. The clumsy air makes him the favorite target of players and team coach, who enjoy teasing him with constant jokes. The arrival of a new coach will take Bobby to the next level and become an unsurpassed defender, leading his team to victory in the championship. Great success in the US, this banal comedy rises only thanks to the interpretation of Adam Sandler, capable of giving an extra touch of humanity to a character who otherwise risks remaining a mere speck. Comedies, Sports Movies A water boy for a college football team has a rage that makes him a tackling machine whose bone-crushing power might vault his team into the playoffs. The Waterboy Comedy
Kicking and Screaming	1995	6.5	5.0	After graduating from college, Jane tells her fiancé Glover that she wants to move to Prague to study. Glover declines the invitation to accompany her, deciding to go and live with some friends, who prefer to be in a state of inertia rather than devote themselves to study. None of them want to make fundamental decisions but, at the same time, nobody wants to end up like Chet, the student who still works in a bar in his 10th year of university.  Comedies, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies After graduating, four college roomies – petrified by the prospect of facing ""real life"" – reluctantly step into adulthood in this ensemble comedy. Kicking and Screaming Comedy
Shutter	2004	5.0	6.0	Tun, a young photographer, and his wife Jane run over a girl and escape without rescuing her. When shortly after they develop some photos taken at a party, they see a female figure appear: it turns out that the ethereal presence is Natre, an old girlfriend of Tun. The two will go to the girl's village to investigate her mysterious apparitions: but new disturbing secrets are hidden in other photographs ... Yet another oriental ""stencil"" horror: to those who already know the genre it does not offer much more than a technical exercise and a slew of clichés and predictable twists. It was inevitable that an American remake was made. Horror Movies, International Movies After killing a young girl in a hit-and-run accident, a couple is haunted by more than just the memory of their deadly choice. Shutter Horror
Junebug	2005		8.0	The accomplished George Johnsten meets the gallery owner Madeleine in Chicago during a charity auction and it is love at first sight. When Madeleine decides to meet an artist originally from the South of the States, George takes the opportunity to introduce her to his family, who live in North Carolina. However, the choice will soon open a Pandora's box, from which old emotions, rivalries and jealousies will re-emerge.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies When a big-city art dealer travels to North Carolina to meet her new husband's small-town family, their trip gives rise to a multitude of problems. Junebug Comedy
The Great Raid	2005	5.75	5.0	1945, Philippines, Cabanatuan prison camp: the Japanese army sentenced five hundred prisoners of the allied forces to death. American Lieutenant Colonel Henry A. Mucci (commander of the 6th Battalion stationed in Luzon), Captain Robert Prince and Juan Pajota (head of the Philippine resistance) set out on a mission with a handful of soldiers with the aim of crossing enemy lines and free the prisoners ... Coeval to _Stealth_ and other videogame war films, Dahl's work is instead anchored to the realism and facts of the time, giving due credit to Filipino fighters. However, it lacks inspiration. Action & Adventure, Dramas In World War II, a battalion goes on a daring rescue mission to liberate the Americans and Filipinos who've been captured by the Japanese. The Great Raid War
Superman Returns	2006	5.44	6.0	Superman returns after six long years of absence in which he went in search of his home planet. The return is not easy: Lois Lane has a son and lives happily with Richard White, as well as having won the Pulitzer Prize with the article: ""Why the world does not need Superman"". Meanwhile, Lex Luthor, his historical enemy, has been released from prison and is about to implement his diabolical plan: to use kryptonite to permanently eliminate Superman and create a new world ... The film begins with the title of the article with which Lois won the Pulitzer (""Why the world doesn't need Superman"") and ends with its opposite (""Why the world needs Superman""); in the middle the dilemma arises concerning the figure of the father, whose absence / presence has long haunted American culture, from cinema to literature, and which naturally lends itself to more than one reading, including political ones. The very conception of the family is ambiguous: Lois chooses not to break the ""original social core"" but we know well that her husband is cuckold and she loves someone else. The developments in the next episode. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When Superman returns to Metropolis, he finds that Lois Lane has moved on to another man and Lex Luthor is developing a new plan to rule the world. Superman Returns Super-hero
World Trade Center	2006	5.54	6.0	11.9.2001. Two firefighters, John and Will, who entered the World Trade Center to bring relief to the victims, are trapped in the rubble ... The populism it exudes is typical of wartime Hollywood rhetorical films (and that's how they feel: at war). Why make them go well if they are historicized, but turn up their noses if they are closely linked to current events? Stone immediately plays with his cards open, instead of morbidly seeking the authenticity of pain like Michael Moore and other pseudo-documentarians, he transforms everything into an appendage novel. An American film that is kitschy to the core but courageous in its own way. Action & Adventure, Dramas Working under treacherous conditions, an army of dedicated rescuers struggles to find anyone who survived the World Trade Center's tragic collapse. World Trade Center Drama
Head On	1998	7.0	6.0	  Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies This edgy drama follows 19-year-old Ari, a gay Greek-Australian whose roiling ethnic- and sexual-identity struggles lead to a wild, 24-hour odyssey. Head On Drama
Lady in the Water	2006	5.04	6.0	Cleveland Heep, caretaker of a housing estate, rescues what he believes to be a young woman from the pool. Little by little he realizes that the girl is actually a fairy-tale creature who is trying to return to his world. Cleveland, with the help of some tenants, goes to great lengths to protect her new friend from the evil creatures who want to stop her ... It is the realistic microcosm of the residence where the story unfolds to be unlikely, with each character too evidently studied at the table (ridiculous the exoticism of the two Chinese) to be credible for the purposes of the narrative. If Shyamalan wanted to tell us about a cross-section of humanity that is becoming monstrous, he does so through an elementary and even awkward vision. If there were no convincing proof of the protagonist Paul Giamatti, we would have to ask ourselves how to take such a short film seriously. Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers When an apartment building manager discovers a water nymph in the complex's swimming pool, he tries to help her return to her mythical home. Lady in the Water Fantasy
Monster House	2006	7.0	7.0	DJ, Chowder and Jenny discover that the house across from DJ's house is alive and eats everything that lands on its grounds. The three try to convince the babysitter, her boyfriend Skull and the police of what they saw, but no one believes their words. Abandoned by adults, they take courage in both hands and enter the building to solve the mystery. While not suitable for young children (recommended for ages 8 and up), the film has a kind of return to innocence sweetness reminiscent of some of the work by executive producer, none other than Spielberg. The message is that you shouldn't be in a hurry to grow up. Children & Family Movies, Comedies Three friends uncover the truth about a scary abandoned house in their neighborhood that has a personality of its own and seems to be eating people. Monster House Animation
Superstar	1999	4.0	7.0	The orphan Mary Katherine Gallagher is the classic ""ugly anattrocolo"" and cultivates a dream: to be kissed with feeling. He decides that to make it happen he must become a superstar and his chance comes with a contest, where his most dangerous opponent is Evian, who will also dance with her dream boyfriend Sky Corrigan. Catholic Mary gets help and advice from her grandmother and Jesus and finds inspiration from a secret in her past. A vaguely demented comedy without being particularly subversive or particularly incorrect, despite the apparitions of Jesus in a hippy version. Based on a series of short Saturday Night Live sketches Comedies A socially awkward Catholic schoolgirl vows to win a dreamy classmate’s affections by taking first prize at an upcoming talent show. Superstar Comedy
Nacho Libre	2006	6.14	6.0	Ignácio is a young Mexican monk in charge of the kitchen of the monastery where he lives. His secret passion is wrestling (in Mexico, ""lucha libre"") and, wearing a ramshackle masked wrestler costume, calling himself Nacho he shows up at the local wrestling competition. His aim is to win the prize (which consists of $ 200) to save the orphanage where he grew up. The subject and the ridiculous physicality of some situations definitely wink at a very young audience. Black's interpretation, at times irresistible, risks getting lost in an endless series of faces and faces. Comedies, Sports Movies When Ignacio learns of an orphanage's financial woes, he pitches in to help – by disguising himself and joining the professional wrestling circuit. Nacho Libre Comedy
Open Season	2006	5.38	5.0	Boog, a burly grizzly happily tamed, is the star of the nature shows of the ranger Beth, who looks after him with eight meals a day and a house equipped with TV. One day, Boog saves the life of the skinny deer Elliot, who is threatened by a hunter. and flee with him into the forest: life here is completely different from what he was used to, and besides, the hunting season is about to open ... Predictable and conventional ecological story with uplifting moral about friendship, produced by Sony and entrusted to two directors, including Allers of _Re Leone_. Pixar is a thousand miles away, but kids are likely to have fun. Children & Family Movies, Comedies After saving a deer from a hunter's clutches, a domesticated grizzly finds himself relocated to the wild – and unprepared for the real world. Open Season Animation
Unaccompanied Minors	2006	2.0	5.0	It is Christmas Eve and due to a snowstorm, Spencer and little sister Katherine, two ""unaccompanied minors"" who are going to visit their father, are stuck in their reserved room, along with other parents without parents from all over country. As the situation does not improve, Spencer decides to run away with four other kids: the rich and spoiled Grace, Donna, a real tomboy, the geek Charlie and the comic book enthusiast Timothy Wellington.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies Five disparate kids, snowed in at the airport on Christmas Eve, try to get back to their families and outsmart a disgruntled airport official. Unaccompanied Minors Comedy
Spider-Man 3	2007	5.87	6.0	The Spider-Man costume turns black and Peter Parker himself transforms, becoming very confident and starting to neglect the people who are dear to him. Peter thus finds himself having to fight against his own demons and - at the same time - against two fearsome enemies: the Sandman and Venom ... Despite the weight that the dark part of the ego takes on, the drama of identity is less marked. It may be due to the multiplication of the antagonists (for which none of them reach the epic and ""Shakespearean"" dimensions of Octopus in the previous film) or due to a certain obviousness of the story, but this Spider-Man flies with a certain breathlessness. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains in the third installment of the blockbuster adventure series. Spider-Man 3 Super-hero
Perfect Stranger	2007	5.33	5.0	Rowena Price is an assault journalist, beautiful and determined. After a conflict with the editor of her newspaper, she takes a pause for reflection: but the murder of a childhood friend, linked to the world of the Internet, leads her to take on a new identity and to dedicate herself body and soul to a investigation that turns out to be very complex. Next to her move the hacker Miles, who lends her his help, and the ambiguous advertising giant Harrison Hill, erotomaniac and rampant ... Disappointing performance by Foley, who still has to work on a tangled script full of unnecessary twists. The stars routinely travel to a false and annoying ending. Thrillers Ro risks her life to discover the identity of a stranger lurking on the Internet who might hold the answers to her friend's murder. Perfect Stranger Thriller
Zodiac	2007	7.49	7.0	San Francisco, 1969: A serial killer kills seven people and challenges the police with cryptic letters and messages. Inspectors David Toschi and William Armstrong lead the investigations, but the press also begins to take an interest in the case: in particular the journalists Paul Avery and Robert Graysmith, who gradually become obsessed with it ... The story of Zodiac, the serial killer who terrorized California between the 60s and 70s (formerly the subject of _Inspector Callaghan: the Scorpio case is yours! _) Seemed made especially for Fincher's strings, at his best with atmospheres dark and hostile, the ambiguous features, the silent ambushes that remain confined outside the field. Cult Movies, Dramas, Thrillers A political cartoonist, a crime reporter and a pair of cops investigate San Francisco's infamous Zodiac Killer in this thriller based on a true story. Zodiac Thriller
Ocean's Thirteen	2007	6.35	6.0	When Rueben Tishkoff is tricked by a Las Vegas tycoon, he turns to his friend Danny Ocean, who promptly puts the gang back together to raid the new and pharaonic casino ""The Bank"". To make the revenge tastier, Danny decides to strike right on opening day, making sure that players at all tables win ... The stellar cast of previous films returns, including ""villain"" Terry Benedict from the first episode as a new ally. The opponent to beat is also a real star: Al Pacino. That said, not much remains to be added: the stars are having fun and (less than them) the public as well. Action & Adventure, Comedies This entry in the all-star caper franchise finds debonair con man Danny Ocean and his gang taking revenge on a double-crossing Las Vegas kingpin. Ocean's Thirteen Action
Brick	2005	5.0	6.0	Brendan Frye, a high school student with an extraordinary intelligence, is a lonely boy. One day he is contacted by Emily, his ex, who then mysteriously disappears. Always in love with her, Brendan takes it into his head to find her following a circle of young drug dealers and fatal girls, like the beautiful Kara ... Curious teen-noir, who brings Chandler's tensions, intrigues and deep despair into a Californian high school. There is of course something playful, especially in the updating of the cultural references of the characters, but the plot is complex, well scripted (by the director himself, newcomer) and capable of finding a remarkable closure. Excellent young Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Independent Movies, Thrillers Teenage loner Brendan Fry navigates his high school's intense social network to discover a killer's identity after his secret crush is murdered. Brick Noir
Hot Rod	2007	6.0	5.0	Stuntman Rod Kimble, a naive young man who lives with his mother, younger brother and stepfather is preparing for what will be remembered as the motorcycle jump of his life: a line of 15 buses. The goal is to raise money for her beloved stepfather Frank's heart surgery. Rod then, with the help of his brother, is preparing to carry out his extraordinary feat, but the return of Denise, the neighbor he is in love with, could change things. It is a light and sometimes insane comedy in which the various gags, mostly nonsense, follow one another. Comedies, Sports Movies Andy Samberg stars in this comedy as an accident-prone daredevil who's determined to jump 15 buses on his moped and impress his abusive stepfather. Hot Rod Comedy
Superbad	2007	5.7	7.0	Seth and Evan, in their final days of school, are about to split up because they enrolled in two different colleges. With Fogell, an intrusive nerd, they decide to organize a party destined to leave a mark in everyone's memory. Referring more to the slutty college movies of the 80s than to the American Pie genre - and also winks at ""tall"" models like Animal House - SuXbad plays with the mythologies of adolescence (sex, alcohol, cars) with deliberate gravity and in fund is a much less decerebrated film than it wants to make it seem, perhaps more refined than its target audience. Comedies, Cult Movies Two best friends' quest to buy booze for a party in the hopes of scoring with girls leads them on a series of wacky misadventures. Superbad Comedy
The Brave One	2007	5.15	6.0	Erica Bain, host of the Street Walk radio show, lives with her beloved boyfriend David. But her world falls apart when, after an assault, David dies and she is seriously injured. Unable to forget the tragedy, Erica begins wandering the streets of New York with a gun, to find those responsible and satisfy her extreme thirst for revenge. A crude version of the female night executioner, built on the macho metamorphosis of Jodie Foster, a lean 45 year old. What is striking is not so much the ideological vulgarity, but the absence of ambiguity, which one would not expect from a director who is usually a master in the art of displacing. Dramas, Thrillers New York City radio host Erica Bain decides to take the law into her own hands after losing her fiancé in a brutal Central Park attack. The Brave One Thriller
Evan Almighty	2007	5.13	5.0	Evan Baxter, newly elected to Congress with the slogan ""let's change the world"", has just left Buffalo to move to a small town in Virginia with his wife and three children. One day, quite unexpectedly, he is contacted by the Almighty himself, who suggests that he build an ark in view of a great flood. Evan takes the advice literally and begins building the big boat in his backyard. This sequel to ""A Week from God"" (with ""Daily Show"" comedian Steve Carell replacing Jim Carrey) is a harmless fairy tale peppered with fake eco-goodness. Here and there we smile as well, above all because Freeman gives a voice to an unexpected God; overall, however, the operation leaves something to be desired. Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Faith & Spirituality God summons narcissistic Evan to build an ark in preparation for a flood. Meanwhile, Evan's family interprets his new hobby as a midlife crisis. Evan Almighty Comedy
Surf's Up	2007	6.67	6.0	The penguin Cody, ace of the surfboard, leaves Antarctica and his family to reach an island in the warm seas, where a surfing competition will be held in honor of the legendary Big Z. During the trip he will happen in all colors. .. The incipit in the form of a ""mockumentary"" animated in black and white on the (alternative) history of surfing is very original, an expedient also taken up later in the film, with several interviews to break the story. Virtuosity in the technical realization, as well as in the mixture of genres, this anomalous and post-modern cartoon is not very funny, however, and in its experimentalism it is almost alienating. Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Sports Movies This Oscar-nominated mockumentary goes behind the scenes at the Penguin World Surfing Championship to get a close-up look at the inventors of surfing. Surf's Up Animation
Across the Universe	2007	6.82	7.0	1960s: Jude is a boy from Liverpool who goes to the US in search of his father; he will meet other young people and above all the love - reciprocated - for the blonde Lucy ... Less imaginative and bizarre than he would like, correct but cool, the film is not helped by Daniel Ezralow's gymnastic choreography; but on the other hand, the young protagonists have an energy that makes them credible even when they sing. After a while, understanding the mechanism, you look at the clock waiting for the next song: and with a soundtrack like this, every now and then you are necessarily involved. Various cameos: sexy nurse Salma Hayek, psychedelic guru Bono and bum Joe Cocker. Dramas, Music & Musicals, Romantic Movies An American girl and a British lad fall in love amid the social and political upheaval of the 1960s, in this musical featuring songs by the Beatles. Across the Universe Musical
Becoming Jane	2007	5.88	6.0	Jane Austen, an aspiring writer, is the youngest daughter of an English country priest. The girl declines various marriage offers until she falls in love with Thomas: the relationship is hampered by his uncle and benefactor, who forbids the young man from marrying Jane due to his financial condition ... The film is as one would expect: academic and relatively elegant, with nineteenth-century fake music, proto-feminist exaggerations and beautiful landscapes. Screenwriters and director, from television, do their best; as well as Hathaway, who is so cute but very American in her ways. Fortunately, actors of the level of Maggie Smith, Julie Walters and James Cromwell act in the supporting roles. Dramas, Romantic Movies A passionate romance with roguish barrister Tom Lefroy serves as the inspiration for the works of budding novelist Jane Austen. Becoming Jane Biography
Next	2007	4.0	5.0	Cris Johnson has the power to predict the near future, and for this he is persecuted by the government who wants to steal the functioning of this ability. To escape him, Cris assumes the identity of Frank Cadillac, and moves to Las Vegas where he works as a magician. But his skills are needed to foil a terrorist plot ... The starting point is a short story by Philip K. Dick, The Golden Man, written in the 1950s, but the themes of fate and the hunted mutant are well known and have given better results (Minority Report, just to stay with Dick). The only two reasons to see Next are therefore Julianne Moore, always gorgeous, and a cameo by Peter Falk, adorable but tainted with a New Millennium Hollywood-style anti-smoking joke. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Las Vegas magician Cris can see a few minutes into the future and an FBI agent wants his help thwarting a nuclear attack. Next Fantasy
Fracture	2007	6.3	6.0	Thomas, a wealthy man married to the young and charming Jennifer, is found in his home, his wife in a pool of blood. He immediately confesses that he shot the woman after discovering she was cheating on him, but the ambitious district attorney in charge of the trial has a far more complicated case on his hands. After the notable Touch of Evil and Frequency (and the nasty Under Court Martial), Hoblit is back in the footsteps of his early days, but Splinters of Fear was far more interesting. Courtroom drama can't stand it anymore, just like Anthony Hopkins: who here once again remakes his Hannibal Lecter, in disguise, a skilful, sneaky and patient killer. All useless, all negligible, even if not unwatchable. Dramas, Thrillers Ted Crawford, who allegedly attempted to murder his wife, is now locked in a battle of wits with a young assistant district attorney. Fracture Thriller
Bee Movie	2007	5.44	6.0	Barry B. Benson is a bee unhappy with his own existence, aimed solely at the production of honey. One day, however, he meets Vanessa, a New York florist who saves her life and shows her how honey is appreciated by mankind ... The film is a ""one man show"" by Jerry Seinfeld, a 90s television star, here as lead vocal, screenwriter and producer. Although the ""block"" screenplay betrays the television background of its author and the obsessive search for the gag at times removes unity from the narrative fabric, the result is a pleasant comedy, brilliantly written and full of comic episodes. Children & Family Movies, Comedies Barry, a worker bee stuck in a dead-end job making honey, sues humans when he learns they've been stealing bees' nectar all along. Bee Movie Animation
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull	2008	6.13	6.0	We are in 1957, in the middle of the Cold War. Indiana Jones and his assistant Mac have just escaped an unfriendly encounter with Soviet spies when they return to Marshall College, where Jones holds his professorship. The news they find to welcome them is not good at all: the American government suspects Jones of being in league with the Russians and intends to get him fired from the university. However, a perspective opens up thanks to the meeting with the young Mutt, who asks Indiana to accompany him on a dangerous and unclear mission in search of a legendary object: the Crystal Skull of Akator, around which myths and superstitions intertwine. The two thus travel to Peru where they will have to face numerous vicissitudes, complicated by the fact that even the Soviets, led by the glacial spy Irina Spalko, are in search of the precious find. Politically correct adventurona, almost bloodless, where the strongest insult is ""son of a bitch"" and where no animals are killed, the fourth chapter of Indiana Jones has its most significant novelties in the 50s setting, in which it peeps out McCarthyism, and in the character of the young Mutt (name that means mongrel), played by Shia LaBeouf who enters the scene tanned as Marlon Brando in the Wild. In the era of 300, Speed ??Racer and Beowulf it is a pleasure to review the hand of man in mechanically complex scenographies and so, even if perhaps a bit of pathos is missing and the various puzzles are solved in a hurry, we are witnessing the latest adventure of Indiana Jones with a smile, between nostalgic and perpetually amazed on the lips. Action & Adventure, Children & Family Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Indiana Jones is drawn into a Russian plot to unearth the Crystal Skulls of Akator, Amazonian artifacts with supernatural powers. Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Adventure
P.S. I Love You	2007	5.14	6.0	Ten years ago, after getting lost in a small town in Ireland, Holly fell in love at first sight with a charming young local: Gerry. Widowed at the age of thirty, Holly struggles to recover, locking herself in her Manhattan apartment. After weeks of watching old movies, the young woman receives a tape from Gerry containing mysterious instructions that will involve her in strange adventures.  Dramas, Romantic Movies When she loses her beloved husband to a brain tumor, grieving widow Holly Kennedy learns that he left a series of letters behind to help her cope. P.S. I Love You Comedy
The Jane Austen Book Club	2007	6.4	6.0	Sacramento, California. Five women and a man meet once a month to discuss one of Jane Austen's novels. Bernadette is a strong elderly woman who lives alone and was the creator of the club, set up to help her friend Sylvia overcome her love wound. Allegra, Sylvia's lesbian daughter, joins in to support her mother, as well as her friend Jocelyn, who brings a newly met man. Finally, there is a fragile and somewhat strange teacher. Their lives will intertwine with each other and with the stories of the novels they debate. A ""word"" film, there is no doubt. In which action gives way to dialogue, and above all to literary wisdom. But cinema, as we know, is not literature, and in the long run the history of the club's members is boring, afflicting the viewer with discussions that seem to never end. Comedies, Dramas, Romantic Movies Six book club members find their lives resemble a modern-day version of Jane Austen's novels in this drama. The Jane Austen Book Club Drama
The Bucket List	2007	6.2	7.0	A multimillionaire industrialist and a humble mechanic find themselves sharing the same dramatic fate: both terminally ill with cancer, sharing the same hospital room. The two, initially, tolerate each other unwillingly, then decide they want to spend the little time left at their best and dedicate themselves to doing everything they had never done in life, either for economic reasons or for laziness. Still a film in which the protagonists have the hours numbered, we would like to say. Yet this time, the formula has an edge. The presence of a director of the caliber of Rob Reiner can be felt, and enjoyed in seeing the two Oscars, as usual very good, on the same scene. There is also time to laugh (Freeman is the shoulder, Nicholson the comic talent), and to breathe the scent of poetry at times. It wasn't necessary, but it's something. Comedies, Dramas Two terminally ill men bust out of the cancer ward with a plan to experience life to the fullest before they kick the bucket. The Bucket List Comedy
Vantage Point	2008	5.17	6.0	Recently arrived in Spain, during a rally, US President Ashton is hit by some gunshots. The event was filmed by the camera of a tourist and that of a television journalist. The investigations are conducted by Thomas Barnes and Ken Tylor, agents of the special services: the filming and testimony will lead to a disturbing truth ... A well-packaged film but with one goal: to emphasize once more the ""made in the USA"" heroism. A missed opportunity to talk about peace, war, terrorism: it's a pity that for Hollywood it is still - and always - time for heroes. Americans, of course. Action & Adventure Moments after he arrives in Spain for an antiterrorism summit, U.S. President Ashton is shot. Vantage Point Thriller
10,000 B.C.	2008	3.4	5.0	Mammoth hunter D'Leh lives with his tribe near a mountain. One day, a band of merciless warriors attack his village and kidnap Evolet, the girl he is in love with. Determined to find her and free her, D'Leh leads a small group of hunters. The journey, however, proves to be more difficult than expected, due to dangerous prehistoric animals: in the end, D'Leh discovers a mysterious lost civilization ... Dominated by an insane syncretism openly influenced by Erich von Däniken's pulp-cosmogonic mythologies, Emmerich's film is so over (under?) The lines that, treated differently, it might even have elicited a few complacent smiles. Action & Adventure Fierce mammoth hunter D'Leh sets out on an impossible journey to rescue the woman he loves from a vicious warlord and save the people of his village. 10,000 B.C. Adventure
The Parole Officer	2001	4.0	4.0	A parole officer is accused of a murder he did not commit: he will recruit three former inmates he has dealt with in the past to rob a bank where evidence that can clear him is kept ... One thinks of Ealing's comedies, but freshness is replaced by vulgarity with depressing results. Action & Adventure, Comedies After witnessing a murder, Simon Garden is framed – and the only evidence that proves his innocence is a videotape locked inside a bank vault. The Parole Officer Comedy
The Spiderwick Chronicles	2008	5.71	6.0	The Grace family - mother Helen, twins Jared and Simon and sister Mallory - move to the Spiderwick estate. Here strange phenomena begin to occur that only children notice. One day, Jared finds a volume entitled _Arthur Spiderwick's Practical Guide to the Fantasy World Around You_: from that moment, reality is no longer the same and a whole universe of fantastic creatures, not exactly reassuring, appears in the Grace's life ... From the famous five-part saga by Tony DiTerlizzi and Holly Black, a super-patinated transposition with an accelerated development, not very coherent and without adventurous breath. Children & Family Movies When city-raised twins move to a tumbledown country mansion, it's quite an adjustment – especially after they uncover a magical fantasy world. The Spiderwick Chronicles Fantasy
The Love Guru	2008	3.8	4.0	Pitka (Myers) is an American who was raised in an Indian ashram, where he became a guru, or a master (very unorthodox in true) of spiritual techniques. Back in the USA in search of fame and success in the world of new-age, he must face his first assignment: to restore the marital serenity between Derren Roanoke, a hockey champion, and his wife, who after leaving him started with a rival (Timberlake). The success of Darren's team is at stake, of which the attractive Jane Bullard (Jessica Alba) is president, who must face an important tournament. The cruelty is only latent, and the comic-idiotic sketches are mostly not funny. Newcomer Marco Schnabel directs, the only star is Myers. Surrounded by famous actors and various celebrities (from Ben Kingsley to Jessica Alba, from Val Kilmer to Justin Timberlake), but ready to steal the show from everyone with petty, vulgar and very light jokes. Comedies, Sports Movies Raised on an ashram in India, a self-styled love guru returns to his native America to settle a romantic rivalry between two pro hockey players. The Love Guru Comedy
The Forbidden Kingdom	2008	6.13	6.0	An American teenager, a great lover of Hong Kong cinema and kung fu films, finds the weapon used by the legendary warrior Monkey King in a shop in Chinatown. With the relic in his hands, the boy finds himself in ancient China with the task of joining an army of martial arts experts intent on freeing the Monkey King, imprisoned by a dark enemy. For the first time together, Jet Li and Jackie Chan join forces and hit the bull's-eye by offering a good entertainment film. Beautiful choreography, good comic ideas. and just enough of a tribute to the genre Released all over the world with great success, it did not find a theatrical distribution in Italy. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Jackie Chan and Jet Li star in this rousing adventure about a martial arts movie fan who finds a mystical staff that transports him to ancient China. The Forbidden Kingdom Action
Revolutionary Road	2008	7.08	7.0	Connecticut, 1950s: April and Frank Wheeler are a young couple with two young children. Apparently everything is fine, but in reality both are victims of a strong frustration: his work is well paid but boring, while she still struggles to swallow the disappointment of having sacrificed her artistic side. So they dream of moving to Paris, to start a new life away from the world of ""normality"" that surrounds them ... Based on the novel by Richard Yates, the film has the hand of the director of _American Beauty_, the lights of Roger Deakins (that of the Coen brothers), the magnificent music of Thomas Newman. Given all this, it could have been something better. Dramas, Romantic Movies April and Frank's marriage unravels when a plan to change their ""perfect"" lives becomes their last hope to escape lives engulfed in emptiness. Revolutionary Road Drama
Righteous Kill	2008	4.33	5.0	Two NYPD officers, both with long careers behind them, work together to see if there is a connection between a recent murder and a case they solved - or believed to solve - many years ago. Are the two moved by the terrible suspicion of having imprisoned an innocent, or perhaps one of them has something to hide? An exercise in senile, pathetic and exhausting narcissism, where the display of a residual virility - precisely because there are two elderly people on stage - has something paroxysmal and disturbing. Everything the same as always, except that here the staging is hasty, the direction redundant and the dialogues at the same time artificial and empty. Dramas, Thrillers Two detectives investigate a rash of vigilante killings linked to an old case, suggesting they might have put an innocent man behind bars. Righteous Kill Crime
Wild Child	2008	6.0	5.0	When Poppy, an exuberant and spoiled American teenager, goes overboard and makes one too many pranks, her father sends her to an English boarding school. Forced into an unprecedented world of discipline, curfew and lacrosse lessons, the girl must survive by seeking mediation with the stern headmaster, Mrs. Kingsley. To make things even more complicated we think the acid head of class Harriet, who never misses an opportunity to try to sabotage Poppy ... Written without a trace of originality by Lucy Dahl (daughter of the great Roald), this teen comedy finds a way to use every single cliché of the genre. But he saves himself with dignity thanks to a good rhythm and well-chosen interpreters. Comedies, Romantic Movies When a spoiled girl pushes her father too far with her spending and outlandish behavior, he ships the Malibu princess off to a strict boarding school. Wild Child Comedy
All the Boys Love Mandy Lane	2006	6.25	5.0	A group of spoiled high schoolers invites Mandy Lane, a good girl who has become physically interesting over the summer, to spend a weekend of partying on an isolated ranch. As the party progresses, however, the number of guests begins to decrease in a somewhat mysterious way.  Horror Movies During a weekend excursion to a secluded ranch, an unwelcome visitor begins picking off the randy admirers of teenage temptress Mandy Lane. All the Boys Love Mandy Lane Horror
You Don't Mess with the Zohan	2008	6.43	5.0	Zohan is an exceptionally skilled and trained Israeli Mossad agent who decides to quit his job to change his life, playing dead and moving to New York, where he dreams of becoming a hairdresser. Arrived in the USA in search of integration, he hides his origins and succeeds with unorthodox but extremely effective methods for the female audience. But someone not at all well-intentioned finds out who he is and imagines, without having done his math well, to be able to break his eggs in the basket. Creative marriage between Adam Sandler's Happy Madison and Rob Schneider, a moneymaker in America but much more unfortunate abroad, and screenwriter and producer Judd Apatow (Ricky Bobby, Knocked Up, Suxbad), is an ambitious budget comedy by ninety million dollars, spent on stunts and special effects to represent the superhuman abilities of the protagonist. Penalized by excessive duration and only occasionally entertaining. Action & Adventure, Comedies An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist will do anything to make his dreams come true. You Don't Mess with the Zohan Comedy
Mad Money	2008	5.6	6.0	Housewife Bridget, single mom Nina and exuberant Jackie share a plan that will change their lives forever. When they discover that a large amount of money is being sent to the incinerator, they decide to join forces to organize a millionaire heist on the safest bank in the United States of America.  Comedies A woman joins the janitorial staff of the Federal Reserve Bank and conspires with two co-workers to pilfer old money that's scheduled to be destroyed. Mad Money Comedy
Defiance	2008	6.07	7.0	Three Jewish brothers during World War II flee Nazi-occupied Poland and take refuge in the Belarusian forest, where they join Russian partisans. To hide, they build a village, where they offer hospitality to hundreds of Jews in danger, saving their lives. Taken from the book by Nechama Tec, the film retains the documentary residues only at the beginning. Zwick would like to give an epic breath to this story of (im) perfect heroism, which however lives only in the darkest ravines of the forest, in some visually valuable scenes. Elsewhere there remains a tired rhetoric, which freezes even the empathic interpretation of Liev Schreiber. Action & Adventure, Dramas In this action-packed drama based on an extraordinary true story, four brothers protect more than 1,000 Jewish refugees during World War II. Defiance Drama
Get Smart	2008	5.43	5.0	When the headquarters of the US intelligence agency Control is attacked and the identities of the secret agents are in danger of being revealed, the boss has no choice but to promote analyst Maxwell Smart as a field agent, alongside him the only operative. still incognito: the beautiful (and lethal) Agent 99. Together they set out on the trail of an organization called Kaos ... A few hints of an almost successful gag does not absolve the overwhelming sense of already seen, and the 110 minutes are so interminable. And even the model (the TV series created by Mel Brooks and Buck Henry between 1965 and 1970, quite well known here too) appears very far away. Action & Adventure, Comedies When the identities of secret agents are compromised, hapless Maxwell Smart teams with far more capable Agent 99 to thwart an evil terrorist group. Get Smart Comedy
War	2007	5.0	5.0	Jack Crawford is a brave and enterprising FBI agent who, distraught by the death of a colleague and friend, takes action to obtain a personal revenge against the perpetrator - a killer called Rogue - and the perpetrators of the murder, who belong to the Japanese mafia. However, the same criminal organization is traversed within it by a series of betrayals and crises and, as the investigation continues, the situation worsens. Lonely and rebellious anti-heroes as tradition dictates, but bored and out of place on the screen. In the end, despite some theatrical hits, it is the usual action film in which there is very little action. And the show also comes down to a couple of short sequences. The times of _Yazuka_ by the late Sydney Pollack, an example of the Western taste to reproduce an Orient consistent with the mythology of the Yakuza-eiga, are far away. Action & Adventure When his partner is killed and all clues point to a notorious assassin, FBI agent Jack Crawford sets out for revenge in this taut action-thriller. War Action
Just Friends	2005	3.75	5.0	Chris Brander is back in the small New Jersey town where he grew up. When he left, ten years ago, he was a fat and clumsy student, who had had to suffer the terrible frustration of being rejected at the graduation party by Jamie, the friend he had decided to open up to. But now things have changed. Chris has become one who counts: he is a music producer in Los Angeles and his life is booming, even the sentimental one, since he is a true playboy. However, all the accounts left open to time come back to the surface. And they ask to be paid. Just Friends is infected by that overt cynicism of Cruel Intentions and the coldness of The Sweetest Thing, devoid of the slightest seduction and full of noisier than funny gags that end up turning Ryan Reynolds into an intrusive and inconsistent caricature. Comedies, Romantic Movies Years after high school, a once-portly nice guy comes home for the holidays and reunites with a former crush he still has feelings for. Just Friends Comedy
Step Brothers	2008	4.0	5.0	Brennan and Dale have a lot in common: both are in their 40s, both have never left home, are unemployed, and ultimately live with an elderly parent left alone. Except that for Brennan it is the mother, Nancy, while for Dale it is the father Robert. It so happens that the two parents meet and fall in love with each other, soon deciding to get married. Dale and Brennan end up having to live together in the same room. The first reaction is of course hatred, but then there is the recognition and the feeling of brotherhood, together with the awareness that now something must change. Ricky Bobby's team reunites, which caused a furore in the US in 2006, launching Sacha Baron Cohen on the big screen, but was ignored in Italy. If indolence and the Californian setting can be sympathetic, the gags are taken for granted and badly held together by an often disconnected script. The only truly irreverent and effective scenes are by Katrhyn Hahn, who plays Derek's repressed and later adulterous wife. Comedies Brennan and Dale might be grown men, but that doesn't stop a childish sibling rivalry from erupting after Brennan's mom marries Dale's dad. Step Brothers Comedy
Rachel Getting Married	2008	7.0	7.0	Kym has had a life that is both happy and desperate. Former professional model, she has experienced some success and together she has hit rock bottom several times, often entering and leaving drug addiction rehabilitation centers. After a long time away from home, he returns there for his sister's wedding and his presence serves to relieve family tensions that had been brewing for some time, producing explosive reactions. A total work that seems to ""make itself"" as you see it, a story that involves only happening, without rhetorical artifices, a representation that is born for the stage and instead becomes the quintessence of cinema, between Godard and Cassavetes, dancing like crazy to the sound of Neil Young. Dramas, Independent Movies Longstanding family conflicts resurface when a former model who's been in and out of rehab for a decade returns home for her sister's wedding. Rachel Getting Married Drama
Milk	2008	7.34	7.0	The dramatic story of Harvey Milk, a gay activist and politician, who was elected as supervisor in the San Francisco City Hall and who was assassinated in 1978, along with mayor George Moscone, by his predecessor Dan White, then following a much discussed trial which shocked public opinion and the US homosexual community. Extraordinary formal and political balancing act that of Gus Van Sant, to do justice to man and his legacy without giving up emotion. Authentic period piece to which the photography of the immense Harris Savides (Zodiac, American Gangster) gives impeccable volumes, colors and shapes. Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies Sean Penn stars in this biopic about Harvey Milk, the openly gay San Francisco politician who was murdered by a disgruntled city supervisor in 1978. Milk Biography
The Duchess	2008	5.64	6.0	In 18th century England, Georgiana Spencer (Keira Knightley) was a charming woman with a great personality, whose beauty and charisma had earned her enormous popularity, thwarted only by the scandals provoked by her sexual appetites, her passion for the game. and his unscrupulous behavior. Gone very young in marriage to the already mature Duke of Devonshire (Ralph Fiennes), well introduced to court life, she soon became an icon for the people, capable of dictating both fashion and political life. However, the film focuses in particular on his love life: the relationship with the famous Earl Gray (Dominic Cooper), leader of the Whigs and then Prime Minister, the one with her husband and the triangle with his favorite, Lady Bess Foster ( Hayley Atwell). Saul Dipp removes the All Star from Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette, moving away from any modern system, but the rooms of power where his Lady Georgiana Spencer, Duchess of Devonshire lives, are equally immense and sculpted by silence. From Oscar the costumes, the only hint of color in a frozen film like Duke Ralph Fiennes. Put a blanket over your legs. The elegance is as great as the emotions are cold. Based on the true story of the Duchess of Devonshire, told in the Georgian historical novel, Duchess of Devonshire, by writer Amanda Foreman. Dramas, International Movies, Romantic Movies To compensate for her unhappy marriage, young duchess Georgiana Spencer begins a scandalous affair with politician Charles Grey. The Duchess Biography
Bedtime Stories	2008	4.86	5.0	Skeeter, a porter in a hotel, leads a tiring and monotonous existence. However, things take an unexpected turn when the stories he tells to his granddaughter to put her to sleep begin to find curious and precise correspondences in reality: a magical synchrony destined to change many situations ... This typically Disney-like fairy tale - with an attached warning about the risks of ambition and the importance of ideals, affections and imagination - is enlivened by excursions into various genres (from westerns to science fiction). The unavoidable cloyingness of this type of operation, however, ends up getting the better of both Sandler and Brand's comedy and the romantic side. Children & Family Movies, Comedies Skeeter's life is turned upside down when the fantastical stories he makes up to entertain his niece and nephew inexplicably turn into reality. Bedtime Stories Comedy
Bolt	2008	6.82	7.0	Bolt is a small dog protagonist of a series that sees him in the role of a superdog. However, since he was born in the studios, he is not aware that everything he manages to do on set is the result of only the tricks of the film and the help of the crew. So when one day he runs away from the set, he is firmly convinced that he really is a superdog and the first accidents are not enough to dissuade him. Taken from his role, he enlists a mini gang made up of a kitten and a hamster and embarks on his new mission: to be able to return to where he came from. But what a delight this digital fable, animal rights, very pop, inspired by the play of light and shadows of Hopper's painting. Directed by a couple of rookies, Howard & Williams, but produced by John Lasseter, Disney creative director and founder of Pixar, the adventure runs at full speed behind the little dog Bolt (voiced, in the Italian version, by Raoul Bova), who must go home to the mistress, like Lassie. Stroke of genius: the pigeons that speak like the Sopranos. The three-dimensional effect is a bit of a Playstation, but it is engaging. Children & Family Movies, Comedies This tale follows German shepherd Bolt, a canine actor who makes a cross-country trek when he's mistakenly shipped from Hollywood to New York City. Bolt Animation
Wet Hot American Summer	2001		6.0	Plot in preparation  Comedies, Cult Movies, Independent Movies Everyone wants a final shot at action on the last day at Camp Firewood, in this campy 1980s summer-camp spoof from the creators of ""The State. Wet Hot American Summer Comedy
Nights in Rodanthe	2008	4.14	5.0	Adrianne is a mature woman whose life has reserved various difficulties: her husband has betrayed her and one of her daughters, already grown up, has recently lost her husband. Also looking for a quiet moment, she agrees to join a friend of hers for a while, who runs a small hotel in North Carolina. There he meets a man, a guest of the hotel, Dr. Paul Flanner, also full of troubles. And, as they await the arrival of a hurricane, their relationship deepens. Newcomer George C. Wolfe comes from the theater, and you can hear it. The script adapts one of Nicholas Sparks' less successful sentimental meatballs. However, a masterpiece in front of the film of the same name, the fault of the storm, perhaps, or of the wine, but the images ask us for an act of boundless trust. We should believe, laugh and cry, for no reason. Suspend disbelief in the face of two nice interpreters, who are also victims, at exchanges of letters, dialogues and embarrassing clichés. Dramas, Romantic Movies When a hurricane hits a coastal North Carolina inn and strands the only guest, surgeon Paul Flanner, a young woman's life changes forever. Nights in Rodanthe Romantic
Planet 51	2009	5.71	6.0	A terrestrial astronaut, Captain Charles ""Chuck"" Baker, accidentally lands on Planet 51, inhabited by creatures who live in fear that their world is invaded by aliens. Having become friends with a young local resident, the astronaut will have to make sure that he is not captured, so that he can repair his spacecraft and return home. Planet 51 follows and overturns the ET model, stages an extraterrestrial population exactly the same as ours - aliens go to the cinema, grill in the garden and buy comics - only they still live in the 1950s. A couple of antennas and color are not enough. verdino to proclaim the meeting and acceptance of the ""different"". Produced by Ilion Animation Studios and written by Joe Stillman (co-writer of Shrek) Planet 51 carries on an idea of ​​cinema in its own ""classic"" way, which restores conventions at the very moment in which it seems to overturn them. Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After landing on a planet reminiscent of 1950s suburbia, a human astronaut tries to avoid capture, recover his spaceship and make it home safely. Planet 51 Animation
Flash of Genius	2008	7.83	7.0	The true story of the professor and inventor Robert Kearns, who had to fight with determination for the authorship of the intermittent wiper to be recognized, leading the great American corporations into an incredible war that no one thought could win. The story was already a perfect script, Abraham adds ""only"" a lot of Francis Ford Coppola: Tucker, a man and his dream in the first half, The Rain Man in the second. Shameless quote, but he is a valid pupil: the film has the dignity of a classic and tickles the idealism of the will and the nihilism of reason. Greg Kinnear does the rest: monumental, empathetic as always, eclectic. Dramas A college professor goes up against the giants of the auto industry when they fail to give him credit for inventing intermittent windshield wipers. Flash of Genius Drama
Doubt	2008	6.8	7.0	Bronx, 1964: Sister Aloysius works in a Catholic school; in the same institute works Father Flynn, who attracts the suspicions of the nun because of her interest in a young black man. Faced with requests for clarification, the priest denies everything: but she, not convinced, continues her research until she raises a real case ... Adaptation of the famous play (Pulitzer winner) by Shanley himself. Here, however, the historical-political context is only hinted at, and everything is didactic and already decided: the final mother scene seems only an exercise in a late style. Hoffman and Streep duel with great skill but the third one who enjoys is Amy Adams, excellent supporting partner. Dramas, Faith & Spirituality Sister Aloysius begins to have doubts about doting Father Flynn, who seems to have become overly involved in the life of an African American pupil. Doubt Drama
Inglourious Basterds	2009	8.39	8.0	A group of Jewish American soldiers, known as ""The Basterds"" is sent to Nazi-occupied France during World War II, with the specific task of brutally murdering any Nazis in their path. Quentin is at his best between playful moments, saturated and crazy dialogues, paroxysmal slowdowns and sudden explosions of the action: the rhythm, time and space of his mythology. Repeated strokes of genius and an ending by definition impossible, therefore more fantastic. Inglourious bastards, it must be said, also raises some doubts about the grotesque register through which otherwise tragic figures (Hitler and especially Goebbels) are revisited. But this is not the same playing field as history, it is not the same league and it is not even the same sport. Christoph Waltz awarded as Best Actor at Cannes 2009. Action & Adventure A Jewish cinema owner in occupied Paris is forced to host a Nazi premiere, where a group of American soldiers called the Basterds plans a face-off. Inglourious Basterds War
Penelope	2006	5.0	5.0	Penelope Wilhern is a young woman from a rich family who is under a curse, pronounced by a witch of many generations ago and of which she is an innocent victim. The result is a terrible pig's nose, which disfigures her and forces her to live in seclusion and away from the life she would like to lead. The only condition that allows the curse to be broken is that the girl is loved by ""someone like her"". Meanwhile, reporter Lemon wants to get a scoop: take a photo of the mysterious Penelope's face. To do this he hires Max, who pretends to be a candidate for the hand of the beauty. But when the two meet ...  Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Romantic Movies In this modern fairy tale, a young woman cursed with the nose of a pig lives her life in seclusion – until an unlikely beau stumbles onto the scene. Penelope Comedy
Zack and Miri Make a Porno	2008	5.79	6.0	Platonically lifelong friends Zack and Miri decide that the perfect solution to solve their respective and individual financial problems is to shoot a porn movie; with protagonists, of course, themselves. When the camera begins to record them, however, the two friends discover that their feelings are much deeper than they ever suspected. Zack & Miri is Smith's most sincere film, a shameless declaration of an unwillingness to evolve that becomes authorial poetics (the film precedes the mediocre and oppressed Cops outside), entrusted by the director to the “dolphin” Seth Rogen. A comforting return to origins, which has the merit of dusting off the hard icon Traci Lords (with the talent of making soap bubbles, but not with his mouth) and of giving Brandon Routh (so far mediocre Superman and bad Dylan Dog ) his best role: that of chard lover of a gay porn star. Comedies, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Zack and Miri make and star in an adult film to bring in easy money. But their unspoken feelings for each other might threaten the whole enterprise. Zack and Miri Make a Porno Comedy
Seven Pounds	2008	5.21	6.0	Tim Thomas, an engineer who suffers from depression due to the death of his wife (and a past that torments him, causing him not a few feelings of guilt) decides to change his life by making the identity of his younger brother Ben, agent his own. federal revenue, and embarking on an extraordinary journey of redemption seeking to forever change the lives of seven strangers. Seven souls is yet another confirmation of the definitive death of a certain trend in American cinema, the anthropocentric one of classicism or the humanist and titanic one of Cimino, Milius, Coppola. Foreseen in every emotional slip, it will satisfy those who enjoy ""beautiful photography"" and ""good actors"" but it is in spite of itself the sad epitaph of (American) cinema that it was. Dramas, Romantic Movies Weighed down by a dark secret, IRS agent Ben Thomas tries to improve the lives of seven strangers in need of a second chance. Seven Pounds Drama
Coraline	2009	8.24	8.0	Coraline is a girl who, passing through a secret door of her home, enters an alternative version of her existence, in some ways better than the real one. But at some point the experience becomes dangerous and the alternate mother tries to keep her in that dimension forever. Going back to real life, for Coraline, will be an undertaking that will test her personal resources and her courage. 16 years after The Nightmare Before Christmas, Henry Selick returns to pure animation with the adaptation of a novel of the same name by Neil Gaiman. Coraline is not only the first stop motion film made in 3D - whose depth is perfectly integrated, like color and scenography, in a strategy of representation that emphasizes the difference between the two worlds - but it is marked by a level of excellence. technique in all stages of production, which simply makes it something never seen before. Children & Family Movies Curious young Coraline unlocks a door in her family's home and is transported to a universe that strangely resembles her own – only better. Coraline Animation
The Ugly Truth	2009	4.18	6.0	Abby Richter is the television producer of a morning show hosted by Mike Alexander who is very direct and confident in giving advice on how to do ""the right thing"", especially in the sentimental field. Between the two there is a lot of electricity and a discreet difference of views and Abby, controversially, decides to test Mike's methods, to show him that things are not going as he says. At the end of a series of experiments, however, the results will be very different from what they both expected. Luketic's is a dreamy cinema but also full of healthy cynicism, wrapped in the glitter of photography by the great Russell Carpenter and suspended between the Hollywood classicism of Cukor but also of Stevens for how it makes the battle between the sexes without holds barred. Comedies, Romantic Movies A chauvinistic morning-show commentator tries to prove the relationship theories he espouses on a segment called ""The Ugly Truth. The Ugly Truth Comedy
Knowing	2009	5.58	6.0	Professor John Koestler participates in his school in the ""exhumation"" of a capsule in which, fifty years earlier, some students had buried their messages for the future. But what happens to his son is a really strange message: just sequences of numbers. Analyzing it Ted realizes that they contain precise predictions of the disasters that have occurred in the last 50 years and of 3 that have yet to happen. The epilogue is the only truly remarkable thing (almost at the level, including the line, of the ending of _Gattaca_) of a fairly mediocre film, where even the special effects leave something to be desired (which, being Hollywood, is news) . Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers An MIT astrophysics professor and his son unearth a string of numbers from a time capsule that seem to reveal a cataclysm that will wipe out humanity. Knowing Fantasy
Race to Witch Mountain	2009	6.0	5.0	In the heart of the Nevada desert, not far from Las Vegas, is a place - called Witch Mountain - that has long been known for a series of inexplicable phenomena. It is there that a strange pair of siblings - Seth and Sara - ask Jack, a taxi driver from Vegas, to take them. During the journey Jack will soon realize that the two are not ordinary guys and the one to Witch Mountain will not be any race, but an adventure that has to do with the mysterious and the paranormal. Which involves the fate of the whole planet. Where the muscles, the cunning and the courage do not reach, a little telepathy and telekinesis are enough and the pill goes down. It works, it is fun, even if perhaps the local audiences are a little less eager to get on the cine-Luna park carousel. Children & Family Movies A sister and brother with special powers are on the run from a mysterious organization that wants to take advantage of the siblings' gifts. Race to Witch Mountain Adventure
Sherlock Holmes	2009	6.09	6.0	After finally capturing serial killer Lord Blackwood (Strong), Sherlock Holmes (Downey Jr.) and his loyal companion Watson (Law) rightly think they have successfully closed yet another case. but when Blackwwod mysteriously reappears, Holmes must resume the hunt. Wrestling with his partner's new girlfriend and the head of Scotland Yard, the detective will have to piece together the clues that will lead him to a case where murderers, black magic, and the deadly embrace of a mysterious seductress, Irene Adler (McAdams ). Far from the sublime metatextual irony of Billy Wilder's Private Life of Sherlock Holmes but also from the teenage angst of Barry Levinson's Pyramid of Fear, Richie and Silver craft a pure blockbuster. Action & Adventure, Comedies Robert Downey Jr. stars as the legendary sleuth Sherlock Holmes in this Guy Ritchie-helmed reinvention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's detective series. Sherlock Holmes Action
9	2009	6.2	7.0	When ""9"" is born he finds himself in a post apocalyptic world where the human race is extinct. And it is only by pure chance that he meets a small community of other beings (the other 8) who, like him, live constantly seeking refuge from frightening machines that roam the earth with the aim of destroying them. Despite being the latest, 9, he realizes that hiding is not enough and that if they want to survive they must take action by discovering, in the first place, why the evil machines are so desperately motivated to destroy them. They will soon discover that the future of civilization is in their own hands. Produced by Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov (Wanted, Nightwatch) based on a previous short film by director Shane Acker from 2005. In the original version voices of Elijah Wood, John C. Reilly, Jennifer Connelly, Martin Landau, Christopher Plummer and Crispin Glover. Music by maestro Danny Elfman. Action & Adventure, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In a postapocalyptic world, rag-doll robots hide in fear from dangerous machines out to exterminate them, until a brave newcomer joins the group. 9 Animation
My Sister's Keeper	2009	6.13	6.0	Anna is the second daughter of Sara and Brian Fitzgerald, conceived and brought into the world with the aim of solving the health problems of her older sister. At some point in her life, the girl feels the need to redefine her identity and asks for help from a well-known lawyer to obtain medical emancipation from her parents. Based on the novel _My Sister's Keeper_ by Jodi Picoult, _My Sister's Keeper_ offered potentially fertile ground. Yet Cassavetes jr. he considers the mélo a receptacle for clichés. Soft focus, slow motion, off voices, gold and ocher colors, almost gore details abound but never touch our hearts. Hateful as she is, Cameron Diaz is the film's only human character. The director, on the other hand, wastes it because he tends only to extort tears and not to create emotions. Dramas A former defense attorney finds herself back in court when she and her husband are sued for medical emancipation by their 11-year-old daughter. My Sister's Keeper Drama
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus	2009	6.17	7.0	In our days, the immortal Dr. Parnassus, already 1000 years old, leads a traveling theater troupe that offers the public the opportunity to cross the boundaries of reality thanks to a magic mirror in his possession. Among the actors are Anton, an expert magician and a dwarf. But Parnassus has a very high price to pay for his spells: his creditor is the devil himself, who asks for the beautiful daughter of Parnassus as payment. Joined by Tony, a mysterious character (played by Ledger, Depp, Law and Farrell), the crew must venture into parallel worlds to find the girl. A carousel of wonders, we are on Méliès' set amid puffs of smoke, feathers, masks and dancers and also in Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, where the phantasmagoria of the landscape is lysergic acid. Parnassus. The man who wanted to deceive the devil by Terry Gilliam, out of competition at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, has the glint of magic and the melancholy of a ghost, that of Heath Ledger. Died in the making, the actor has become an ever-changing being, resurrected by loving ""stunts"": Johnny Depp, Jude Law and Colin Farrell. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When a deal with the devil comes due, the immortal Doctor Parnassus must renegotiate the pact to save his daughter and right the wrongs of his past. The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus Fantasy
Brooklyn's Finest	2009	6.92	6.0	Tango (Don Cheadle) is an undercover agent who has a difficult choice ahead of him. Sal (Hawke) is a detective and a father of a family, but he is also tempted by the easy solutions to solve anyway serious problems. Eddie (Gere) is close to retirement and has lost his attachment to the badge for years now. Destiny will make the roads of these three policemen converge in a place that represents the final landing point of three different paths.  Dramas, Thrillers Three cops find themselves hurtling toward the same crime scene on one fatal night in this tense, edge-of your-seat thriller. Brooklyn's Finest Action
The Informant!	2009	7.0	6.0	Mark Whitacre (Matt Damon), emerging manager of the powerful agribusiness multinational Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), discovers a conspiracy against consumers and decides to reveal its existence to the FBI. Convinced of being hailed as a hero, he agrees to wear bugs during some appointments to allow federal agents to verify his theory, but the informant's inconsistent reports are insufficient to formulate any accusations and the blurred boundary between reality and fantasy. Whitacre ends up casting a lot of shadows on her real motives. Based on a true story, told in the book of the same name by Kurt Eichenwald, this game of revealing commercial, political, economic mechanisms is so crazy that it is damn serious. The sense is that everything is meaningless. Among the subtleties, the soundtrack by Marvin Hamlisch, which cites himself as the author of the score of The Spy Who Loved Me while Whitacre pretends to be agent 0014, which is worth double 007. Comedies, Dramas While gathering evidence against his employer to help the FBI build a price-fixing case, Mark Whitacre begins to piece together a fantasy world. The Informant! Comedy
Paul Blart: Mall Cop	2009	3.67	4.0	Paul Blart is a security guard who works as a vigilante in a large New Jersey mall. Kind, respectful and calm, for years he tried to enter the police force without ever being admitted because of the extra pounds. But the moment to take action comes for him too, when a gang of criminals enters the shopping center, where he barricades himself with a group of hostages ... In recent years, American comedy has regained a taste for burly actors, but the excess weight here lacks the anarchic trait that made John Belushi great. Kevin James moves in almost Disney-like territories, completely avoids scatological humor - which can also be appreciable - but remains with the handful of flies of the most dull and reassuring conformity. Action & Adventure, Comedies An overzealous security guard finds himself in over his head when he tries to thwart a criminal mastermind's plot to rob an entire shopping mall. Paul Blart: Mall Cop Comedy
Frozen River	2008	7.14	7.0	Ray (Melissa Leo) has been left by her husband and is about to lose the advance for the prefabricated house she has recently purchased which should replace the now broken one where she lives with her two children. Her job as a saleswoman is not enough for her to raise the money she is missing and so, to find the money she is missing, she joins Lila, a Mohawk woman (Misty Upham), in a trafficking of illegal immigrants from Canada through the Indian reservation. the San Lorenzo river. The occasional and initially hard relationship between the two women, however, ends up showing itself to be destined for both, showing the strength of an entirely female solidarity. There is the suspense of a good thriller that knows how to avoid obvious solutions, but above all there is the attention to the characters on the margins and the social and natural environment of the best American independent cinema. The two interpreters are extraordinary. Dramas, Independent Movies On a Mohawk reservation on the Canadian border, Ray Eddy teams with a widowed tribe member to smuggle illegal immigrants into the United States. Frozen River Thriller
The Taking of Pelham 123	2009	5.67	6.0	A gang of gunmen takes a New York subway train hostage and demands a hefty ransom. The authorities begin the negotiation, but do not imagine what the criminals' escape route might be once their requests are fulfilled. Third film adaptation (after those by Joseph Sargent and Félix Enríquez Alcalá) of John Godey's 1973 novel. the short circuit between outside and inside, which also feeds on the dialectical “infernal duel” between the two protagonists created by the effective writing of Brian Helgeland. Action & Adventure When a group of hijackers takes passengers aboard a subway train hostage and demand a ransom, it's up to dispatcher Walter Garber to bring them down. The Taking of Pelham 123 Thriller
Code Name: The Cleaner	2007	2.0	4.0	A man finds himself in a hotel room next to a dead body and remembers absolutely nothing about himself and why he is there. Thus began a series of vicissitudes, becoming more and more convinced of being a secret agent.  Action & Adventure, Comedies A mild-mannered janitor duped into believing he's an undercover agent stumbles into an international arms ring plot involving the CIA and the FBI. Code Name: The Cleaner Action
A Serious Man	2009	7.38	7.0	1967. Professor of physics Larry Gopnik is going through his annus horribilis: he is left by his wife Judith who has fallen in love with a colleague of his; he receives threatening letters threatening to jeopardize his university career, and one of his students blackmails him. Destroyed and tormented, Larry turns to three different rabbis: which of them will be able to restore hope and dignity and make him a real man? The acid irony of the Coen brothers in A Serious Man surpasses the heights of comedy and is tinged with cruelty in the story of a man who sees his every gesture of seriousness and kindness transformed into a boomerang. Comedies, Independent Movies With every aspect of his life unraveling, a Jewish physics professor seeks out three rabbis for spiritual guidance. A Serious Man Grotesque
Shorts	2009	6.0	6.0	On the outskirts of the small town of Black Falls, life goes on monotonous and all the inhabitants work for Black Box Unlimited Worldwide Industries Inc., the local company that produces a phenomenal handyman gadget called Black Box. But that doesn't help the bored and friendless 11-year-old Toe. Everything changes when the Rainbow Rock falls from the sky, a magical stone capable of fulfilling every wish, including those of the boy. The Rock, however, will also cause a lot of trouble. The film does not lack imagination and inventiveness (the small spaceships, the man transformed into a sausage) and that propensity to deformation that brings to mind the grandiose Death makes you beautiful by Zemeckis. Too bad that in the long run the game becomes louder and full of nervous accelerations and, while retaining its purity, it risks becoming excessively mechanical. Children & Family Movies, Comedies Chaos erupts when locals learn that an 11-year-old boy has discovered a mysterious rock that grants the wishes of whoever possesses it. Shorts Comedy
District 9	2009	7.08	7.0	The aliens landed on earth about thirty years ago. Humans managed to contain the invasion, confining the extraterrestrial creatures to an area of ??South Africa renamed District 9, and then establishing zero tolerance for them. A cynical multinational would like to exploit their weapons commercially, but to do so it requires alien genetic material. The tension between the two species rises further when a human becomes infected with an unknown virus. Only alien technology in District 9 can help him. South African director Neill Blomkamp expands and revisits his short film (Alive in Joburg) with the money of Peter Jackson, who seems to be returning to his first, reckless operations. We have seen too many of “mockumentaries” shot in pseudo-direct, halfway between reportage and experimental film, and Romero's Diary of the Dead has now said definitive words on the trend. However, the “non-human” world invented by Blomkamp, ​​halfway between the WALL-E landfill and a John Carpenter set, is effective and fun. Action & Adventure, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After years of segregation and forced labor, a race of stranded aliens enlists in a resistance movement spearheaded by a rogue government agent. District 9 Fantasy
Invictus	2009	7.03	7.0	Nelson Mandela leads South Africa, finally out of the dark period of apartheid. An exceptional sporting event could lead the country to a turning point to leave the suffering of racial segregation behind and bring together black and white for the first time: the Rugby World Cup. The hopes of victory and redemption are in the hands of the captain of the national team, François Pienaar. The film wisely mixes the biographical genre with the sports one, tracing a portrait of Mandela who has the breath of classic cinema and the Eastwoodian desire to combine opposites, cinematically, philosophically. In the center, a piece of history of emblematic importance. Dramas, Sports Movies After the end of apartheid, newly elected President Nelson Mandela uses the 1995 World Cup rugby matches to unite his people in South Africa. Invictus Biography
Carriers	2009	6.4	5.0	A terrible pandemic is depopulating the world. Four friends desperately try to find safety by fleeing to a beach in the Gulf of Mexico, to stay away from any human contact, but their car crashes in the middle of the desert. The journey becomes a nightmare: they have to face murderous doctors, mad dogs and aggressive sick people. Eventually, they even collide with each other.  Horror Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers As a lethal virus spreads globally, four friends seek a reputed plague-free haven. But while avoiding the infected, the travelers turn on one another. Carriers Thriller
A Single Man	2009	6.94	7.0	A day in the life a gay English professor who teaches at a California university and has just been struck by a serious bereavement: the loss of his partner. Every moment is a shock, a discovery, beauty in sequence, made up of manic details, from the old fashion gray flannel to the red lips of a girl, from the shiny bodies of tennis players on display to the electronic vibrations of Green Onions. Tom Ford deconstructs the narrative (his script) and closely spies on the man who meticulously prepares the meeting with the ""lady in black"". The music of Shigeru Umebayashi (In the Mood for Love) evokes all the impossible loves, and the loneliness and detachment of those who no longer live in the real world. Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies This stream-of-consciousness drama centers on a day in the life of a gay college professor who's reeling from his longtime lover's recent death. A Single Man Drama
The Box	2009	5.64	6.0	Norma (Cameron Diaz) and Arthur Lewis (James Marsden), a young couple with a young son, receive a mysterious box as a gift. A man reveals to them that, by pressing the button on it, they will get a million dollars. But in return someone else, somewhere in the world, will be killed. After a long discussion, torn between greed and moral scruple, it is Norma who decides to press the button. And after doing so, he will go in search of the killer. Inspired by a short story by Richard Matheson (Button Button), written for the second series of At the Edge of Reality, The Box is the first beautiful, full, round title by Richard Kelly, director of Donnie Darko and the terrifying Southland Tales . Apart from demonstrating how the brilliant ideas of Matheson are timeless, the film brings the theme of free will back to a context that is anything but metaphysical, despite the spatial references, but rather everyday. Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers A couple must decide whether to push a button that will net them a million dollars but that will also cause the death of a complete stranger. The Box Fantasy
Legion	2010	4.0	5.0	The Earth was hit by an apocalyptic catastrophe that wiped out a large part of the human population. A group of strangers find themselves by chance in a remote inn in the American desert: among them Bob (Dennis Quaid) and Michael (Paul Bettany). A glimmer of salvation seems to open: the waitress of the restaurant carries the Messiah in her womb, who will be able to save the last survivors from the total end. Legion, forty million dollars in receipts in the US, demonstrates two things: that horror is saving American cinema from ignominy and that it is enough to interpret the genre well to entertain. Action & Adventure, Horror Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A motley crew of apocalypse survivors living at an abandoned truck stop never suspects that the pregnant woman among them is carrying the Messiah. Legion Horror
Océans	2009	8.0	8.0	Travel around the globe to discover the fabulous underwater world. The depths of the abyss, the force of storms, marine biodiversity are the protagonists of this fascinating and often unknown universe. Everything already seen, but life in the oceans leaves us with a new impression. This is thanks to a relentless tale, which descends from the aerial shots into the depths to tell the archetypes of hunting and fighting, with one eye on the animal world and another on man. Thanks, too, to stunning shots. Documentaries, International Movies This documentary examines the vital role water plays in human existence and the cause-and-effect interplay between oceans and the environment. Océans Documentary
Ninja Assassin	2009	5.17	5.0	Raizo was picked up on the streets as a child and raised in the powerful and top secret Ozunu clan, a sect of assassins led by the ruthless Takeshi. Having become a perfectly trained killer, he goes into crisis when the clan sentences a friend of his to death. With the help of Mika, a Berlin agent of Europol who wants to defeat the organization, she prepares her revenge. Given the umpteenth fighters fly, the physique of the young Rain appreciated, very little remains. The memory of a lot of massacres and a lot of action. Action & Adventure When his best friend is murdered by the shadowy Ozunu clan, Raizo, an orphan raised to be an assassin, vows revenge. Ninja Assassin Action
Zombieland	2009	6.48	7.0	The world is completely overrun by zombies, but two survivors have found a way to get by: Columbus is used to running away from any danger, Tallahassee is not afraid of anything and loves killing monsters. They meet two girls, Wichita and Little Rock, and join them: to defeat the enemies the only thing to do is to count on each other. Horror in a teen comedy key. Comedies, Horror Movies Looking to survive in a world taken over by zombies, a dorky college student teams with an urban roughneck and a pair of grifter sisters. Zombieland Comedy
Berlin Calling	2008	5.0	6.0	Legendary DJ Ickarus, Techno musician, returns to Berlin after a grueling world tour. Despite being completely exhausted, together with his girlfriend Mathilde he dedicates himself to the launch of his next album, which however does not meet the favor of the label that distributes it. Frustrated and devoid of energy, he sinks into the abyss: he ends up in a psychiatric hospital following a dose of ecstasy and is left by Mathilda. In the clinic, while following a recovery program, he works on his pieces, thanks to the help of the guardian Alex, his fan. Then he manages to escape, falls back into drugs and self-destruction. Before him there are only two possibilities: to decide to rebuild or end up in the abyss of drugs and psychosis. The goal of the authors would be, through his figure, to tell an exemplary creative parable twenty years after the fall of the Wall. Perhaps what gives it a status of unclassifiability is precisely that trashy but serious charm, typical of German fiction and the very flat reuse of themes such as creation, damnation and rebirth. If Berlin calls, the cinema does not respond. Dramas, International Movies, Music & Musicals DJ Ickarus is at the top of his game, dazzling fans and touring the world – until he gets locked in the loony bin after taking a few too many drugs. Berlin Calling Drama
Takers	2010	4.6	5.0	A well-known gang of bank robbers scoffs at the police by landing a series of spectacular shots. The guys have just worked out the perfect plan: a robbery that will yield a whopping 20 million dollars. On their trail, however, is a stubborn Manhattan detective (Matt Dillon), determined to give young criminals a hard time.  Action & Adventure A motley crew of bank robbers plans their next heist after a former colleague convinces them to target an armored car carrying $20 million. Takers Action
Solomon Kane	2009	5.25	5.0	During the 17th century, Solomon Kane, a gloomy and gloomy looking man, wanders the globe with the specific goal of eradicating the absolute evil present on Earth in all its forms and incarnations. In his adventurous journeys in search of justice and eternal peace, he will cross Europe and also reach the African jungle where he will face a series of dangers. The first chapter of an announced trilogy, Solomon Kane is not a Hollywood blockbuster but a European co-production that certainly does not lack ambition. Not very faithful to its literary original, the film compensates by evoking an almost horror setting of a richness that is sometimes suffocating and always cruel. Action & Adventure, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In this epic tale, a once-murderous sea captain is holed up in a monastery in retreat from the devil, whom the captain fears is coming for his soul. Solomon Kane Action
Season of the Witch	2011	4.14	4.0	During the fourteenth century, when the black plague ravages Europe, a knight (Nicolas Cage) is ordered to escort a young woman (Claire Foy) accused of witchcraft and suspected of being responsible to a monastery. of the spread of the plague. Convinced of the girl's innocence, the knight and some traveling companions will fight to reach a consecrated land, where they can prove the girl's innocence and free Europe from the curse of the plague. What the knight ignores is that the dark forces of evil are waiting for him. Thrown to the wind the attempts to build a barracks complicity with Ron Perlman, Cage settles in monoexpressiveness and Sena in the flatness, packaging a serious fantasy, very boring and totally devoid of ideas, seasoned with a bad CGI: disappointing even for the diehards of the genre . Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A group of weary warriors transport a suspected witch believed to be responsible for spreading the devastating Black Plague. Season of the Witch Adventure
Nowhere Boy	2009	6.27	6.0	In Liverpool, 15-year-old John Lennon grew up with his conformist aunt, but one day his eccentric mum, passionate about music, who has always lived within walking distance of home, comes back to life. The meeting between the two will be a source of conflict as well as change. John before becoming Lennon, the rock star icon: this is the challenge of the newcomer Sam Taylor-Wood, conceptual artist, photographer and director, former collaborator of the Pet Shop Boys. It tells of a pain that becomes poetry, of a broken son, of a brilliant boy who seeks and finds the mother who has abandoned him, of an intense and burning love, filial and maternal, which flows on the notes of rock (and Elvis) , of a “female” film taken from the beautiful book of her half-sister, Julia Baird. Dramas Raised by his aunt since he was a young boy, charismatic John Lennon is suddenly reunited with his mother, Julia, which ignites a bitter battle. Nowhere Boy Biography
Winter's Bone	2010	6.79	7.0	The story of Ree Dolly, a very determined sixteen-year-old girl who lives in the Ozark Mountains - the mountainous region between Missouri and Arkansas - and who takes care of her psychically ailing mother and two younger brothers. The situation is complicated when he discovers that their home and land have been hired by their father, a drug dealer, to pay the bail and be released, except then he did not appear before the court for the hearing. Rae thus only has a week to find her father before losing all the little that her already devastated family has. A film anchored to its literary roots (Daniel Woodrell's book of the same name, published by Fanucci, is highly recommended), but capable of transcending pure narration to extend to an idea of ??aesthetics. The cold that becomes an image. The color of the bones that permeates the air (the very talented director Debra Granik comes from photography). Dramas, Independent Movies In this unflinching noir drama, a resilient teen goes on the trail of her missing, drug-dealing father when his absence threatens the family's safety. Winter's Bone Drama
The Bounty Hunter	2010	4.38	5.0	Milo Boyd, an unfortunate bounty hunter, gets his dream job when he is given the task of chasing Nicole Hurly, a fugitive journalist, his ex-wife. All Milo expects is a quiet day at work, but when Nicole manages to escape him to track down a murder, Milo realizes that, as always, nothing between him and Nicole is simple. The two chase each other continuously until they both find themselves having to escape to save themselves. With a duo like Gerard Butler and Jennifer Aniston it is already half the battle. The two often steal the show, stop at nothing, and create a lively post-wedding comedy that also has successful moments while not having the classically decadent charm of Garry Marshall. The contamination with the detective is decidedly more forced, with dark fragments that envelop and obscure those intermittent beams of light of the sentimental vein. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Romantic Movies Bounty hunter Milo Boyd finds his latest assignment downright satisfying as he learns that the bail-jumper he must chase down is his ex-wife, Nicole. The Bounty Hunter Action
She's Out of My League	2010	3.4	5.0	Kirk is an ordinary guy, clumsy, awkward and without much self-confidence. His life changes when he meets and falls in love with the beautiful Molly, incredibly reciprocated. What could be the love of his life and the key to his much-desired happiness risks being precluded by the negative influence of the authoritarian elder brother and vulgar co-workers, who seem to conspire to bring out all his flaws and his insecurities. Films without infamy and without praise, like the almost transparent direction of Jim Field Smith. He never chooses: he is not as crude as the television _The babe and the nerd_, nor as fun and irreverent as _All crazy for Mary_. Comedies, Romantic Movies When average-guy Kirk starts dating drop-dead-gorgeous Molly, his friends don't see it lasting, so Kirk does everything he can to avoid losing Molly. She's Out of My League Comedy
Blue Valentine	2010	7.77	7.0	When Dean (Ryan Gosling) and Cindy (Michelle Williams) meet, he works for a moving company and she studies at university. Both of them volunteer with the elderly. Cindy has been engaged to Bobby since school but meeting Dean changes everything. Ten years later we meet the couple again. Now Dean and Cindy are married and have a daughter but they no longer seem capable of being as happy as they used to be. Dean loves his daughter very much but has drifted away from his wife over time. The couple decide to take a weekend to spend some time together but it takes little for them to realize that their spell has dissolved. Derek Cianfrance takes the pieces of a broken love and reassembles them in no particular order: his work is split in two like the life of the protagonists, divided into two timelines that cannot be mended. Playing with the luminous photography of nascent love and the livid photography of the dying couple, with the camera that first touches the emotion on the skin of the lovers, then only the painful space between them, the director imprints on the film the ineluctable truth of a love. With the complicity of two extraordinary actors: Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams. Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies As Cindy and Dean muddle through their languishing marriage, they hearken back to the golden days when life was filled with possibility and romance. Blue Valentine Drama
Traitor	2008	5.5	6.0	FBI agent Roy Clayton is investigating an international conspiracy and his main lead leads to a former US Special Forces officer, Samir Horn. He has mysterious links with a terrorist network and always seems to be one step ahead of the investigation. Clayton also has to work with a CIA agent, Carter, who seems to have ulterior motives. Spying action that tackles the issue of terrorism with an approach halfway between a deep look at the _Syriana_ complex and the adrenaline-fueled simplifications of _24_. The result is a botched product that does not completely satisfy, yet not stupid or too improbable and supported by good interpretations. Dramas, Thrillers An FBI agent assigned to pursue an ex-Special Ops soldier who joined a terrorist organization begins to question his target's true intentions. Traitor Action
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World	2010	6.79	7.0	From the graphic novel of the same name, come the daring adventures of Scott Pilgrim, a cheeky twenty-three year old, always intent on playing bass in his rock band and dating the prettiest girls in high school. The meeting with the beautiful Ramona Flowers will upset his life, especially when he discovers that he has to face a league formed by Ramona's ex-boyfriends. Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is the dawn of a new cinematic word. And as Avatar tells a ""very simple"" story: a sentimental education made up of initiatory tests at the end of which the hero, like a new Charlot, temporarily finds his place in the world (perhaps). The reinvention of the ways of using current language - words that are in fact thoughts and are transformed into images and objects during duels - explains what happened to our communication exposed to the influence of contemporary technologies. The language of the protagonists of the film, which may seem artificial in the eyes of those who have never read a manga, a Marvel comic or played with the PS2 / 3, is the most evident sign of a very profound perceptual mutation. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Cult Movies Dreamy delivery girl Ramona captures Scott Pilgrim's heart, but he must vanquish all seven of her evil exes in martial arts battles to win her love. Scott Pilgrim vs. the World Comedy
Last Night	2010	5.2	6.0	A broken-in couple unexpectedly finds themselves testing their marriage. He will find himself traveling for work with a colleague to whom he is strongly attracted, while she will meet his great love of yesteryear. Massy Tadjedin hints at gestures, lingers on the looks, feeds doubts, trying to grasp above all thoughts and changing moods. You could get lost more in the metropolis as in Landis (All in one night) and Scorsese (Out of hours, evoked thanks to the presence of Griffin Dunne). Only in the final jolt, almost a Lost in Translation, does some unexpected thrill return. Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies During an evening apart, married couple Joanna and Michael encounter tempting opportunities to cheat on each other with sexy acquaintances. Last Night Romantic
Skyline	2010	3.75	5.0	In the middle of the night, after a party, a group of friends are awakened by a disturbing light which, like a flame does with moths, attracts people to the garden and makes them disappear into thin air. They will soon discover that an alien force is engulfing the entire human population. The survivors will find themselves struggling to stay alive.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After a wild night of partying, Terry discovers that he's one of the few people left on Earth, then sets out to solve the mystery of what happened. Skyline Fantasy
The Company Men	2010	6.0	7.0	Bobby (Ben Affleck), a rampant executive at the height of his career, is the victim of a corporate downsizing caused by the financial crisis. He goes from a dream life - a beautiful wife, two children and a cottage with a garden - to his worst nightmare, refusing to accept the situation.  Dramas, Independent Movies A successful businessman comes face-to-face with America's downsizing epidemic when he loses his job and is forced to take a construction gig. The Company Men Drama
The Fighter	2010	7.16	7.0	Dickie (Christian Bale) is a former boxing promise who has come to challenge none other than Sugar Ray Leonard. That defeat marked the end of his career. However, he finds a new purpose in life when he starts coaching his stepbrother Mickey (Mark Wahlberg) in an attempt to uphold the boxing honor of the family and small town of Lowell. The Fighter is also beautiful for its forcing, starting with the unlikely cast. Christian Bale is too young to be an older brother with such an experience behind him, and Mark Wahlberg is too old to be the up and coming boxer. Yet the latter, who replaced Matt Damon before filming began, plays very well the son of nobody from depressed America. The typical redemption of every boxing film passes through its physical re-emergence, without intellectual elaborations. Dramas, Sports Movies After a string of defeats, a boxer rediscovers his fighting will with help from his trainer and half-brother, a once-talented pugilist. The Fighter Drama
Mr. Woodcock	2007	4.0	7.0	Recalled by the news that his mother is about to remarry Jasper Woodcock (Billy Bob Thornton), his old physical education teacher - hated by all his former students whom he systematically tormented during his high school years - young John (Seann William Scott) returns home, hoping to be able to prevent the disastrous wedding.  Comedies When a self-help author learns that his mother has fallen for his sadistic high school gym teacher, he tries to put a stop to their budding romance. Mr. Woodcock Comedy
3 Idiots	2009	8.5	7.0	Two friends set off in search of a companion they have lost track of. During the journey they will come across businesses, encounters and other stories: a long-forgotten bet, a marriage that has nothing to do and a funeral that will escape all control.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies While attending one of India's premier colleges, three miserable engineering students and best friends struggle to beat the school's draconian system. 3 Idiots Comedy
My Week with Marilyn	2011	5.84	6.0	Colin Clark, an employee in the service of Sir Laurence Olivier, documents the intense and tense relationship between the two protagonists of the film The Prince and the Dancer, during the filming of the same. A week with the diva Marilyn Monroe. More than the reconstruction of environments and events, precise but vaguely glossy, the extraordinary interpretation of Michelle Williams counts in the film. Wearing Marilyn on the soul before the skin. A performance gem that is worth the ticket to an otherwise modest film. Dramas, Romantic Movies While filming a movie in England, Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe slips away with a young Brit for a week of self-discovery and frivolity. My Week with Marilyn Comedy
Senna	2010	6.0	7.0	The life and career of a majestic motoring champion of all time reconstructed without indulging in hagiography, but working exclusively with vintage films, relying on the live enthusiasm that the great Brazilian driver knew how to arouse. It is not necessary to understand Formula 1 or motoring to see the miracle beyond Asif Kapadia's mediocre film. Which is a bit of an insult to the genius without Senna's intention; who ran because he had to run. Kapadia, on the other hand, builds a film with a very predictable narrative progression: rise, affirmation, fall and myth. Of course the archive materials are exciting but the work on and with them is non-existent. Documentaries, International Movies, Sports Movies This fast-paced documentary profiles Ayrton Senna, one of the greatest drivers in the history of Formula One racing, and a hero in his native Brazil. Senna Documentary
Shelter	2010	3.89	5.0	A criminologist discovers that the multiple personalities embodied by one of her patients all have one point in common: they are all victims of murder without distinction. Starting from this observation, he will soon realize that what appeared to be an interesting psychiatric case actually hides something else. The film marks the US debut of directors Mårlind & Stein, former authors of TV series in Sweden. In their hands they have a botched script, which mixes psychiatry with religion, reincarnation with multiple personalities and voodoo with cold mountains with impunity. of Pennsylvania. Horror Movies, Thrillers A forensic psychiatrist has to think outside the box when she takes on a patient whose multiple personalities lead to a trail of murder victims. Shelter Horror
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never	2011	4.0	4.0	Excerpts from the concerts of the 2010 tour of Justin Bieber, the singer idol of teen-agers who achieved success also thanks to YouTube.  Documentaries, Music & Musicals Teen idol Justin Bieber provides personal snapshots from throughout his career, culminating with scenes from his triumphant 2010 concert tour. Justin Bieber: Never Say Never Musical
The Iron Lady	2011	5.18	6.0	Meryl Streep plays Margaret Thatcher - the iron lady of the title - providing a portrait of a true woman of power, both beloved and hated, capable of establishing herself in a male world and arousing enthusiasm in England in the 1980s. and epic reactions.  Dramas, International Movies Margaret Thatcher, the first female prime minister of Britain, navigates a career destined to change the rules of leadership and politics. The Iron Lady Biography
Limitless	2011	6.5	7.0	Eddie Morra (Bradley Cooper) is a writer short of ideas. No matter how hard he tries, he fails to get the inspiration to write a single word.When an old friend re-enters his life and offers him a trip with a new drug called NZT, his brain begins to function at full capacity giving him the chance. to recall every single moment and detail of his life, learn a new language in an instant and solve complex mathematical equations. Unfortunately, once the effect of the NZT drug is over, there is no trace of those abilities. and in view of the financial environment. With Eddie's help, Carl sets out to set up a very complicated business merger with the clear intent of disrupting financial institutions. Shortly before the operation is finalized, however, Eddie's secret is discovered by unfriendly characters and he begins an exhausting race against time in which the debilitating side effects of the drug do not work in his favor. Neil Burger's film is a curious hybrid that blends Wall Street, William Gibson, J.G. Ballard and multinational paranoia typical of the 70s. Limitless, therefore, entertains despite some avoidable and complacent visual automatisms. But with a little sugar the pill goes down. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers With his writing career dragging, Eddie Morra finds his life turning around after he takes a drug that provides astonishing mental focus. Limitless Thriller
Drive	2011	7.73	8.0	A man (without a name) with a passion for cars divides his day life between working as a mechanic and as a stuntman for the cinema and, in the night, occasionally, he also turns into a driver for criminals. While his garage manager Shannon gets him a deal with a powerful local boss to introduce him to pro racing, he meets and falls in love with Irene, his neighbor with a dependent child and her husband in jail. When he returns to freedom, the underworld comes forward immediately boasting an open account and coming to threaten the woman and the child. Worried about their fate, the mechanic / stuntman decides to make himself available to the man as a pilot for the blow that should allow him to pay off the debt and free himself: but nothing goes right, and the situation becomes even more complicated. Winding Refn, perhaps the only (European) director who has been able to push forward the limit of observation and tremor towards the exploration of violence (there is more blood in his films than in all of Scorsese's put together), signs a noir that has something classic in its effective schematism and something humanistic in its sentimentality that Nick Ray would not have minded. Action & Adventure, Dramas, Independent Movies A Hollywood stuntman and getaway driver is lured from his isolated life by a lovely neighbor – until her violent husband is released from prison. Drive Noir
Arthur	2011	4.0	4.0	The young billionaire Arthur Bach (Russell Brand) grew up in cotton wool, solving all kinds of problems with the help of his huge money and that of the nurse Hobson (Helen Mirren), with unusual methods, and the driver Bitterman ( Luis Guzmán). Arthur's mother, tired of her son's irresponsible behavior, threatens to disinherit him if he doesn't take Susan (Jennifer Garner), a wealthy heiress who would help increase family wealth, as his wife. Although reluctantly, the young man agrees to marry the woman, until he meets Naomi (Greta Gerwig), a girl who can guarantee him everything that money cannot buy: love. Remake of Steve Gordon's film Arturo (1981) Comedies, Romantic Movies Russell Brand stars in this remake as a philanderer who must decide whether to give up an inheritance of millions for the sake of romance. Arthur Comedy
Insidious	2010	5.42	6.0	The Lambert family has just moved into a new home when strange phenomena begin to occur: inexplicable noises, apparitions, objects that move on their own. Until Dalton, one of the three children, suddenly falls into a coma, without the doctors being able to formulate a precise diagnosis. Soon the Lamberts will decide to move, but this will not solve the problem: the mystery will follow them, in fact, in their new home, becoming more and more disturbing. A tense re-enactment of the 80's horrific atmospheres produced by Poltergeist and, at the same time, exasperating them, serious mockery. And while the repression of the two-dimensional figurines comes back to the surface, the two côté coexist, tight in the same images, in a film that knows how to play with the already seen and with the dullness of the stereotypes of the genre and, at the same time, tries to reinvent those ancient forms, with the purpose for which it was created: fear. The device moves, distress, but it is an exercise in disposable style, totally devoid of soul. And so the lack of happy ending fails to surprise: because when you play with the puppets, it is easy to decide to let them die. Horror Movies, Thrillers Hoping to leave their haunted house behind, a suburban family moves to a new place, only to learn the home wasn't haunted... but their eldest son is. Insidious Horror
Big Miracle	2012	4.5	5.0	In Alaska, journalist Adam joins forces with ex-girlfriend Rachel (Drew Barrymore), a Greenpeace volunteer, to save the lives of three gray whales imprisoned in the frozen seas of the North Pole. In the midst of the Cold War and with the help of the local population, the two manage to create a relaxed atmosphere between the Russian and American armies, intending to intervene to save the cetaceans and positively impress global public opinion. The smiling obtuseness and the feel-good stoned of the Made in USA family cinema go on strike at AC power, because Kwapis & Co. do not offer us 107 minutes of compact molasses with a blindly ecological background (which we reach, do not worry), but behind the good feelings to be sold to the television audience they hide private interests, the obsessive pursuit of public virtue by every good Samaritan sacrificed to the cause. Children & Family Movies, Dramas After a reporter writes about whales trapped in the Arctic Circle, the U.S. and U.S.S.R. team up to rescue them in this tale inspired by true events. Big Miracle Drama
One Day	2011	4.84	6.0	On their graduation day, July 15, 1988, 22-year-old Emma (Anne Hathaway) and 24-year-old Dexter (Jim Sturgess), who have just met, spend the night together, despite having no sentimental feelings. The next day, the two decide to say goodbye but not to say goodbye, promising to meet again at least once a year, every 15 July, to understand what happened to the dreams and aspirations they cultivate. And so it will happen for the next twenty years, with her, a working class girl who dreams of making the world better, and he, a wealthy young man convinced that the world is just an amusement park. During the last meeting, with careers now established or in decline (she is now a famous writer while he is a TV presenter), Emma and Dexter will realize that their friendship has always been something more, even if it will not be at all. simple to live their love. Jim Sturgess and Anne Hathaway are commendable in giving depth to two characters who are dramatically constrained within the narrow limits of duration and genre. Limits that have harnessed the Danish Lone Scherfig to the point of almost nullifying her hand: the author of An Education has little more than grace in directing the actors. Just as Emma and Dexter touch each other without (almost) ever grasping each other, so the camera engages in an eternal and delicate courtship, too polite, to the screenplay (signed by Nicholls himself). The conventional packaging (complete with a tearful commentary piano) too often suffocates the intelligence and sensitivity with which the film recounts the intersections between two souls: the ellipses remain poignant. Dramas, Romantic Movies After a brief college romance, Emma and Dexter pursue separate dreams, but meet on the same day each year to compare their progress in life and love. One Day Romantic
Michael	2011	6.0	7.0	Michael leads a normal life: he goes to work during the day and returns to his home in the evening. But the man, mild and calm in appearance, keeps a horrible secret inside his home: inside a room, isolated and dark, he hides Wolfgang, a ten-year-old boy, kidnapped some time before and the object of his morbid attentions, physical and psychological.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies After a dedicated cop accidentally kills a 12-year-old boy, he's fired, harassed and forced to take menial work as he tries to keep his life together. Michael Drama
War Horse	2011	6.7	7.0	During the First World War, the young Albert enlisted to try to recover the beloved horse Joey, sold in a time of economic difficulty by his father to the British army. Between the animal and the boy there was a strong symbiotic relationship: in domesticating it, Albert had overcome the shyness that came from his stuttering problems. The quadruped, sent around Europe, will come into contact with several people whose course of life will change. Young mare Devon, a British cavalry officer, a German soldier and a French grandfather with her granddaughter will find comfort and benefit from being close to Joey. The human co-stars remain on the screen for a few minutes, and no one leaves their mark (except the great Niels Arestrup): Spielberg stages them with theatrical precision (the film is based on the novel by Michael Morpurgo but also on the play that is derivative), on fordian backgrounds, but his heart beats only for Joey. Boredom laps on the beautiful shots, until War Horse is rekindled with wonder in the final half hour, a real film within the film that throws the horse at breakneck speed (literally), towards a miracle of humanity in no man's land. Dramas During World War I, the bond between a young Englishman and his loyal horse, Joey, is tested when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to France. War Horse Drama
Honey 2	2011	4.0	5.0	Seventeen-year-old Maria (Katerina Graham) has just come out of reform school and has no plans to get into trouble again, even though her neighborhood, the Bronx, is hardly a paradise. Determined to cultivate a natural passion for hip hop dance and to give stability to her life, she is convinced by Brandon (Randy Wayne), manager of a school for young talents, to prepare a group of undisciplined dancers, the HD.  Dramas, Romantic Movies Determined to prove herself as a street dancer, Maria heads from juvie to a Bronx rec center where she's introduced to her dance idol, Honey Daniels. Honey 2 Musical
I Don't Know How She Does It	2011	2.5	4.0	Kate Reddy (Sarah Jessica Parker) leaps through hoops to combine working in a financial management firm with family life, which sees her struggling with her husband Richard (Greg Kinnear) and two young children. Putting together appointments and cakes to prepare in the middle of the night, she shares outbursts of everyday difficulties with fellow friends Allison (Christina Hendricks) and Momo (Olivia Nunn). But as a new job in New York forces her to spend even more time away from home and the court of glamorous new client Jack Abelhammer (Pierce Brosnan) becomes increasingly tight, Kate will have to stop and think about what's most important to her. The screenwriter of The Devil Wears Prada strikes again and one wonders how a woman can offer us such a flat and disheartening female character. The novel of the same name by Englishman Allison Pearson was a successful example of pink literature with healthy injections of British humor, a la Bridget Jones. In the film, in addition to the obvious change of location (from London to Boston), the ferocious humor gives way to cloying gags and the protagonist is so perfect and flawless as to be hateful. But how does the Third Millennium be? Comedies In this affable yuppie comedy, Kate Reddy is a successful executive, wife and mom whose personal and professional lives hang in precarious balance. I Don't Know How She Does It Comedy
50/50	2011	6.75	7.0	During a follow-up visit, Adam (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) learns he has been suffering from cancer that leaves him a 50% chance of survival. The news causes despair in all the people who love him but, while his mother Diane (Anjelica Huston) and girlfriend Rachael (Bryce Dallas Howard) are unable to react to the pain, Adam does not let himself down. To prevent his entire existence from going to ruin, he will try to overcome fears and suffering by continuing to live in a carefree way, thanks also to the help of the hilarious friend Kyle (Seth Rogen) and the support of the beautiful psychologist Katie (Anna Kendrick), with which he will establish an increasingly tender relationship. Do the wrong thing, read Jonathan Levine's second feature, notable for its original writing and casting. Unfortunately, the director took his advice literally, and to get out of the niche, with this 50/50, he did at least a couple of things wrong: choose the script of the anonymous Will Reiser, which combines cancer and comedy (now a combination of trend, see My Corner of Heaven and The Big C series), and put together a cast that couldn't be more cautious. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies An otherwise healthy twentysomething has a comically early midlife crisis when he gets slapped with a cancer diagnosis and a 50-50 chance of survival. 50/50 Comedy
Kill the Irishman	2011	5.6	6.0	Summer 1976. 36 bombs explode in the heart of Cleveland as the war for control of the territory rages between the Irish gangster Danny Greene (Ray Stevenson) and the Italian mafia. Growing up in a tough neighborhood and becoming an arm of the local mafia, Greene stopped taking orders to attempt his own rise to power. By surviving the attacks and eliminating those who want him dead, Greene will lead to the collapse of the mafia unions in the United States. Based on the novel Kill the Irishman: The War that Crippled the Mafia by writer Rick Porrello, inspired by a true story. Action & Adventure, Dramas, Independent Movies This true crime tale charts the rise and fall of mobster Danny Greene, who faced down the Mafia to gain control of organized crime in 1970s Cleveland. Kill the Irishman Gangster
Take Me Home Tonight	2011	3.0	5.0	In 1988, Matt (Topher Grace) graduated from M.I.T. but, as a sign of rebellion, he chooses to work as a clerk at a videotape rental. While her entire existence seems to be shattered, one day Tori (Teresa Palmer), a high school friend who she had a crush on, enters the shop. To impress Matt tells her that he is a manager of a well-known financial company. Receiving an invitation from her for a party to be held that night and fearing to waste the opportunity presented to him, Matt will be accompanied by his twin sister Wendy (Anna Faris), in crisis with her boyfriend about the future choices to be faced, and from friend Barry, whose only purpose in life is fun. This comedy with nostalgic intentions is a harmless and cheerful leftover from the list. A hangover set in the 80s, which would like to run from dusk to dawn, perhaps thinking of the lightness of John Hughes, but stumbling upon the obvious and moralisms. A story of friends, loves and amorazzi, where the hit parade soundtrack is probably the only thing worth the money. Comedies, Romantic Movies Set in the financial boom of the late 1980s, this tale centers on a recent college grad trying to figure out what to do with his life. Take Me Home Tonight Comedy
Our Idiot Brother	2011	6.08	6.0	Despite the trouble he causes or gets himself into, Ned (Paul Rudd) always acts honestly and clearly and is so idealistic that he is considered an inept fool even by the invasive mother and three ambitious sisters (Elizabeth Banks, Zooey Deschanel and Emily Mortimer), all too busy with their personal and work problems. After being arrested and released for selling drugs to a policeman, Ned is ousted by his ex-girlfriend from the organic company where he lives and works, also losing custody of his beloved dog. All that remains for him is to ask for help from his family, allowing himself to be hosted in rotation by his sisters, whose lives will be thrown into chaos and turmoil. Jesse Peretz's film is a light comedy about the search - possible - for a place in the world. Even with the disastrous premises embodied by Paul Rudd: obtuse but gentle, rustic but peaceful, pathologically sincere, he is the soul and body of a polite and optimistic work. While he stumbles upon the sentimental and professional complications of the diverse family, accompanied by ad hoc songs, he realizes a conceptual paradox: basing a brilliant film around a character who does not ""shine"". Yet it is a beating heart of enthusiasm, offered without hesitation to all of humanity. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A seemingly clueless idealist relies on his exasperated sisters for shelter and support after his girlfriend dumps him and his dog is taken away. Our Idiot Brother Comedy
Young Adult	2011	6.45	6.0	Mavis (Charlize Theron), a newly divorced children's book writer, returns to her small hometown in Minnesota to understand what she went wrong in her life and savor the lightheartedness of the past thanks to her local friends, also proposing to win back Buddy (Patrick Wilson) , the old high school boyfriend. He, already married and with a newborn son, has no intention of re-establishing any kind of relationship, as well as all the other friends, mindful of his reputation as a bad girl in high school. Mavis finds company and support only in a former schoolmate (Patton Oswalt), with serious self-esteem problems and secretly in love with her for years. From the pen of Diablo Cody, who had already colored his adolescence with tender excesses and grotesque enthusiasm, comes Jason Reitman's film of maturity: if they had been together in high school, Juno and Mavis would never have met. Because Mavis exists. Really. Charlize Theron in her battered or skimpy clothes, always inadequate, is the woman that every woman is afraid of being: repulsive to normality, impervious to small daily successes, inept for life when she derails from the scripted film about the diary with the unicoposka. At the crossroads between the awareness of failure and the perpetuation of the illusion, he still chooses the same song. Even when she finds out that her youthful compilation doesn't just sound for her. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies When a divorced writer gets a letter from an old boyfriend announcing his wife's had a baby, she returns to her hometown to reconnect with her ex. Young Adult Comedy
Santa's Apprentice	2010	4.5	5.0	It's time for Santa to enjoy his well-deserved retirement, but to do so he must first find a worthy replacement and educate him on what lies ahead. The ideal candidate who meets the requirements to become his successor - named Nicolas, being an orphan and having a big heart - is an Australian child but suffers from vertigo and has no confidence in himself. The pot-bellied bearer has nothing left but to help him overcome his insecurities and rediscover the true meaning of Christmas.  Children & Family Movies Young orphan Nicolas learns how to guide a sleigh, slide down chimneys and other duties he'll need when he becomes the next Santa Claus. Santa's Apprentice Animation
John Carter	2012	5.53	5.0	Confederate soldier John Carter (Taylor Kitsch) wakes up with no apparent explanation on the planet Mars. It is located in a desert land and populated by two different races of creatures: the giant, warmongering Green Martians and the peaceful Red Martians, who have always been fighting for power. Escaped from the clutches of the former, who had captured him, John meets Princess Dejah (Lynn Collins), who desperately needs to find a savior for her kingdom of red Martians, and has agreed to put his forces in the service of a new and epic conflict. Andrew Stanton treats the muscular hero like a cartoon, and in the best sequences the rock-hard veteran Southerner becomes, in the director's hands, a puppet tossed about by weightlessness and green alien barbarians. Unfortunately, Stanton rarely manages to bring out his playful and amused vein: the romantic subplot, which includes grueling explanations on the modalities of ""teleportation"" of Carter from Earth to Mars, plunges the film into boredom (also due to two interpreters without charisma) and the imagery evoked (from Conan the barbarian to Prince of Persia. The sands of time, passing through Star Wars) makes the film look like an opaque copy of blockbusters already seen. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy One minute, Civil War veteran John Carter is evading Apaches; the next, he's waking up on Mars, a once-fruitful planet that's devolved into chaos. John Carter Fantasy
Kismat Konnection	2008	6.0	3.0	Raj is an architect haunted by bad luck. One day he meets Priya and maybe luck ... In addition to talent and determination, is luck indispensable for success in life? The response offered by Mirza's film suffers from a narrative predictability that leaves no room for original alternatives. Comedies, International Movies, Music & Musicals A man finds his lucky charm in the form of a woman whom he had once clashed with on every level, but on whose presence he must now rely to succeed. Kismat Konnection Comedy
Jodhaa Akbar	2008	8.0	7.0	India, sixteenth century. Emperor Akbar takes the beautiful Princess Jodhaa as his wife for political reasons. But will true love be born between them? The director draws inspiration from a real historical event to produce an authentic blockbuster. Little stunning, manicured images and Bollywood stars to enchant. Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies In 16th-century India, what begins as a strategic alliance between a Mughal emperor and a Hindu princess becomes a genuine opportunity for true love. Jodhaa Akbar Action
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay	2008		5.0	After managing to find a fast food restaurant where they can fill up on burgers, Harold and Kumar return home and experiment with a plan to allow Harold to conquer Maria but discover that the girl has just left for Amsterdam. So they decide to take the first flight to Holland, without forgetting to take their beloved marijuana with them but while they are flying, due to a series of misunderstandings, they are mistaken for dangerous terrorists, arrested and taken to Guantanamo prison. To return to freedom they will have only two possibilities: to prove their innocence or to work hard to work out an escape plan ... Sequel to the film American Trip - The first journey is never forgotten (2004). Comedies, Cult Movies Harold and Kumar jump on a plane to catch up with Harold's love interest but must change their plans when Kumar is accused of being a terrorist. Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay Comedy
Goon	2011	4.0	5.0	While watching a hockey game in the stands, Doug punches a fan from the opposing team who indulged in some homophobic insults. The next day he is interviewed by a friend on the web and receives the sudden call from a coach who wants to sign him into his team. It doesn't matter that he doesn't know how to skate, his role will be to keep anyone near the star of the team, the ace Xavier Laflamme, in shock since during a match he received a blow from hockey legend Ross ""The Boss"" Rhea , now relegated to the same league in which Xavier plays.  Comedies, Sports Movies When he's seen dispatching a rude opposing hockey player in the stands, Doug Glatt is hired by a rival team ... for his fighting skills. Goon Comedy
Apollo 18	2011	2.0	5.0	Officially, the last time the United States sent men to the moon was on December 17, 1972, with the Apollo 17 mission. In fact, NASA is hiding a subsequent mission, Apollo 18, which took place a year later. During that aerospace journey, two astronauts documented with images what they discovered with horror and that no one has ever seen for years. In that filmed account, it hides why no other man has since set foot on the moon.  Horror Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers This sci-fi thriller suggests that Apollo 17, despite official statements to the contrary, wasn't NASA's last manned mission to the moon. Apollo 18 Horror
Ip Man 2	2010	7.0	6.0	Yip Man finds himself in exile in 1950s Hong Kong. His struggle for survival soon takes on a national and unifying significance. The adventures of the Wing Chun champion and Bruce Lee's master continue but the result is lower than the first film, also due to an irritating chauvinism. Action & Adventure, International Movies New in Hong Kong, martial arts instructor Ip Man perseveres and retaliates against his rivals' opposition to the Wing Chun fighting style he teaches. Ip Man 2 Action
The Devil Inside	2012	4.29	4.0	In 1989, Maria Rossi called the police to confess that she had brutally killed three people during an exorcism she was subjected to. Twenty years later, his daughter Isabella tries to shed some light on what happened that night to understand if her mother is crazy or really possessed and goes to visit her at the Italian psychiatric hospital where she is locked up. Witnessing a series of inexplicable events, Isabella requests the help of two young exorcists who introduce her into the underworld of exorcisms not authorized by the Vatican. With horror, she discovers that her mother is possessed by four demons, a symbol of an evil that is difficult to eradicate. What to say: the fans will find something to rejoice, because the paraphernalia of scares is quite wide, but the experiment is short of breath, the POV tires quickly and then, let's face it, on the same topic and with scenic ideas not dissimilar, even if in an American and Protestant context, enough money had already been spent on Daniel Stamm's Last Exorcism (2010). However, the good US income suggests imitations and / or prosecutions. Horror Movies, Thrillers At once spooky and grisly, this thriller follows a woman's quest to find the truth behind claims her mother killed three people during an exorcism. The Devil Inside Horror
The Boy Who Cried Werewolf	2010	4.0	4.0	After the untimely death of her mother, 17-year-old Jordan is forced to take care of her little brother Hunter, a lover of bad jokes to which he constantly subjects her. The news of the inheritance of an old castle in Romania gives some relief to the dire economic conditions of Jordan's father, who decides to go there with his two children. Once at their destination, the three come across the enigmatic and mysterious Madame Varcolac, who lives in the castle and who hides a secret concerning the family, made manifest when Jordan transforms into a werewolf after breaking a vial.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies When high school girl-geek Jordan becomes a werewolf after moving to Romania, she must elude her own brother, who sets out to slay her. The Boy Who Cried Werewolf Comedy
The Croods	2013	6.75	7.0	Surviving the laws of nature in the prehistoric era is the main goal of the caveman Grug who, after yet another bad awakening due to a violent earthquake, decides to move with his entire family to another part of the world, in search of a new home in a more peaceful place. During the migration, in a path fraught with dangers, his daughter Hip runs into the young nomad Guy and falls in love with him, causing complete havoc due to the boy's progressive ideas, in stark contrast to the old school to which Grug belongs. Nothing new under the sun of progress. One might have expected something more creative but on the other hand, one does not expect too much from a prehistoric comedy which, as if to compensate, moves, indeed dances, at a very fast pace, if not downright frenzied. The little ones will certainly enjoy it. Who, after very sharp generational clashes, unpredictable earth movements and spectacular panoramas to explore, will leave the room convinced that the best is yet to come. Blissful naivety. Children & Family Movies, Comedies When an earthquake obliterates their cave, an unworldly prehistoric family is forced to journey through unfamiliar terrain in search of a new home. The Croods Animation
The Place Beyond the Pines	2012	7.43	7.0	Luke (Ryan Gosling), a motorcycle stuntman, discovers that he has had a child from a previous relationship and, to prove he is a great father, decides to take care of him by providing for his growth and all his needs. Despite his good intentions, his economic situation does not allow him to live as he would like and he finds himself forced to make a radical change to his existence, planning thefts and robberies that, in a short time, put agent Avery at his ribs. Cross (Bradley Cooper), ready to do anything to catch him. Fifteen years later, however, the sins and mistakes of the fathers will be reflected in the lives of two high school teenagers, struggling with a heavy inheritance on their shoulders. The poetics of Cianfrance, in which the choices are final and the consequent actions, is declared, radical, as well as of an admirable coherence. River script, ambitious, signed by the same author together with Darius Marder and Ben Coccio which, in more than two hours, leads to the hope of a possible future in the ""place beyond the pines"" as the original title clearly states from a image of the Mohawks, the Native Americans who lived in the suggestive places where the film is shot. Dramas, Independent Movies A violent confrontation between a motorcycle-riding bank robber and a rookie cop spirals into a tense generational feud. The Place Beyond the Pines Drama
Movie 43	2013	3.71	3.0	Based on the idea of ??director Peter Farrelly, a group of famous Hollywood actors try their hand at directing with a film with an interlocking structure whose main theme is the excess of comedy and absurd situations. The Farrelly brothers deus ex machina tell us that, as soon as word got out that they were making a collective sketch film, in the style of the glorious ""Laughing to laugh"" (by Landis & Zucker / Abra-hams / Zucker), self-nominations from dozens of directors and actors: spoiled for choice. So the best of stars has chosen the embarrassment of a humor of the lowest league, in a series of autonomous episodes of short duration (from 3 to 7 minutes: never been so long). The result is a series of dirty jokes (but not filthy, nor incorrect, only sprinkled with body fluids) from the final hub, lacking in writing, intelligence, and above all laughter. Comedies An eye-popping cast stars in this sketch-comedy collage, the new millennium's homage to classic anthology films like The Kentucky Fried Movie. Movie 43 Comedy
The Pixar Story	2007	8.0	7.0	The evolution of animated films is inevitably intertwined with the turbulent and spectacular history of Pixar, an animation studio founded by George Lucas and also financed by Steve Jobs before being bought by Disney ... Interesting document on a piece of contemporary cinema history. Documentaries Go behind the scenes at Pixar Animation Studios with this Emmy-nominated documentary tracing the creation and history of the groundbreaking company. The Pixar Story Documentary
Lincoln	2012	7.08	7.0	The last four months of presidency - and life - of Abraham Lincoln (Daniel Day-Lewis) reveal the passion and humanity of a man committed, against all public and private pressure, in the reconstruction of a country destroyed by civil war. Reviving the United States, for Lincoln, means first of all getting the 13th amendment passed and abolishing slavery, taking the nation a big step forward. A film eminently cast and written, it sees an unusual Steven Spielberg: careful to serve the greatness of the text and the actors with respect and discretion, the director contains the rhetoric and gives humanity to a History cloaked in legend. Stratospheric acting performances starting with Daniel Day-Lewis, passing through James Spader and Tommy Lee Jones. Dramas Director Steven Spielberg takes on the towering legacy of Abraham Lincoln, focusing on his stewardship of the Union during the Civil War years. Lincoln Biography
Cloud Atlas	2012	6.19	6.0	Six different stories, set in six eras and six different places, hide a subtle common thread that binds them to each other to tell how the actions of a single individual affect the past, present and future of the other. The first story, located in the South Pacific in 1849, follows the journey of Adam Ewing, a San Francisco notary who arrived in the Chatham Islands, east of New Zealand, where he uncovers the horrors of the slave trade. The second story, set in Edinburgh in 1936, photographs the existence of Robert Frobisher, a penniless young English musician, who finds a job with a composer. The third episode, against the backdrop of California in 1973, shows the journalist Luisa Rey, engaged in the investigation of a corruption and murder case inside a nuclear power plant. The fourth adventure, set in Great Britain in 2012, retraces the daring escape of Timothy Cavendish, a small publisher who, to escape the wrath of creditors, takes refuge in a nursing home from which he can no longer leave. The fifth story, developed in a city in the Far East in a dystopian near future, focuses on the story of Sonmi 451, a clone destined for a death sentence for daring to challenge the capitalist society that exploits his work. Finally, the sixth and final chapter focuses, during a post-apocalyptic future, on the visit of Meronym, one of the last surviving exponents of the technologically advanced society, to Zachry, the member of a primitive tribe living in Hawaii. In this transposition of David Mitchell's novel of the same name, not everything works perfectly. If on the one hand not recognizing the ambitious generosity of a film like Cloud Atlas means courting the dominant mediocrity of a cinema unable to look beyond the perimeter of its own, on the other hand it is this same generosity that risks turning it into a shapeless mass of styles. and suggestions without rhyme or reason. The only thing is to see it and decide for yourself whether the imperfection of Cloud Atlas is the fascinating one of an artisanal product or that of an industrial one that has gone bad. Action & Adventure, Cult Movies, Dramas In this star-studded drama, six seemingly disparate stories explore the complicated links that humanity shares through the generations. Cloud Atlas Fantasy
10 jours en or	2012	8.0	6.0	Marc Bajau travels the length and breadth of France as a representative of a clothing brand. Despite being constantly away from home and without a moment's respite, she loves this life made of travel, free from constraints and full of surprises. But when he is about to leave to sell a new line, he has an unwelcome surprise: his latest girlfriend abandons him without warning, leaving him with her son Lucas, a six-year-old boy he is forced to take care of. Not giving up his work, Marc takes the little one with him on a ten-day journey that will change the rest of his life, also thanks to the meeting with Pierre, an intrusive and imaginative retiree, and Julie, a young vagabond.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies When a carefree bachelor is unexpectedly left in charge of a young boy, the two embark on a road trip that will change both of their lives. 10 jours en or Comedy
Good Luck Chuck	2007	5.0	5.0	As if haunted by a curse, Charlie (Dane Cook), a handsome young career doctor, is hugely successful with women, but never manages to have a stable relationship. Indeed, it happens that the women who have been with him, after leaving him, all end up finding a husband. The thing appears true to such an extent that word spreads, giving Charlie even greater success because the girls who know it compete to be with him, knowing that what follows will be the right man for them, what which then promptly comes true. But when Charlie really falls in love with the beautiful Cam, who is the only one who seems indifferent to her charm, he is seized with terror: if he seduces her, will she end up marrying ""the next"" too?  Comedies, Romantic Movies Every time Chuck breaks up with a girlfriend, she ends up engaged to her next boyfriend. Soon, women are dating Chuck in hopes of meeting Mr. Right. Good Luck Chuck Comedy
Kon-Tiki	2012	6.0	6.0	Thor is a man with a restless nature and, even at the cost of sacrificing his marriage, he wants to realize at all costs the dream of facing the Pacific Ocean aboard a raft, the Kon-Tiki. Together with five faithful friends, Thor sets out on an adventure and follows an ancient route of over 4300 miles, during which he discovers that the greatest force of nature is that of survival. Attacked by sharks, by gigantic waves and by the thousands of dangers of the ocean, the six men will do everything to be able to touch land again. Inspired by the true story of explorer Thor Heyerdahl. Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies With five loyal friends in tow, explorer Thor Heyerdahl sails a fragile balsa wood raft along an ancient path some 4,300 miles across the Pacific. Kon-Tiki Action
A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III	2012	7.5	8.0	Charles Swan III has everything a man could want. A successful graphic designer with a strong attraction to women, at the age of 45 he thinks he has found his half of the apple in Ivana. So when she suddenly ends their relationship, Charlie's life falls apart and he finds himself enveloped in a spiral of doubt and confusion. Through delusional fantasies involving his failed relationships, Charlie begins an arduous journey of self-evaluation to come to terms with a life without Ivana.  Comedies, Independent Movies When his girlfriend walks out and leaves him a wreck, a graphic designer – who seemed to have it all – sets out to discover where he went wrong. A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III Comedy
Only God Forgives	2013	6.61	7.0	Bangkok. After escaping arrest for the murder of a policeman ten years earlier, Julian (Ryan Gosling) runs a Thai boxing club, useful as a cover for illicit drug trafficking. Respected by all the underworld of crime, Julian is a lonely man at heart. When his brother kills a prostitute, the police summon Agent Chang, now retired and known as the Angel of Vengeance for his brutal methods. Chang allows the prostitute's father to get justice with his own hands but ignites the anger of Crystal (Kristin Scott Thomas), Julian's mother and head of a dangerous criminal organization, who returns to Bangkok to push Julian to avenge the death of the brother, raising hell. In a highly controlled representation, iconographically dominated by monochromatic shades, lights from David Lynch's Club Silencio, symmetrical corridors and perfect scenographies but programmed to the point of obsession, all the energy emanates from violence, seen as the only expressive mode of chaos. There are no gods here willing to forgive; after all, that religion (any) was unsuitable for regulating or stemming the ferocity of men was already very clear in Valhalla Rising (2009), the title of Winding Refn that most resembles this due to its stubborn tendency to abstraction. Nothing saves the man of Refn and precisely in this misanthropic gaze, cynical but also visually powerful, lies the inescapable meaning of the film. Cult Movies, Independent Movies, Thrillers When a cop kills the brother of an expat American gangster who runs a Bangkok fight club, his crime-boss mother flies in to supervise revenge. Only God Forgives Action
Merantau	2009	7.6	6.0	In an Indonesian village, the young Yuda (Iko Uwais) leaves for his merantau, that is the journey that will have to prove his growth. Having gone to Jakarta with the intention of teaching the martial arts of which he is an expert, the boy will take the defense of the young orphan Astri who is beaten in the street. This will lead him to clash with a ruthless criminal who runs a trafficking in human organs.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies In this fast-paced Indonesian thriller, a young martial arts master travels to Jakarta, where he saves an orphan from a human-trafficking ring. Merantau Action
Chernobyl Diaries	2012	4.0	4.0	In search of extreme fun, a group of six tourists exits the canonical paths reserved for foreigners and with the help of a guide, ignoring all warnings, heads to the town of Pripyat, once populated by workers employed in the nuclear reactor. of Chernobyl. After a brief visit through the streets of what appears to be an uninhabited area since the terrible explosion of the power plant, tourists are strangely stranded in the city discovering that they are not alone. Oren Peli goes from directing to subject, from familiar interiors to off limits exteriors. These are the only weak reason for interest in an ""office horror"", which does not thrill despite the radioactive setting. Creating tension without (or almost nothing) showing is the art of a few, and newcomer Bradley Parker fails: his deformed and hungry ""bad guys"" don't scare him, his Boeotian and reckless protagonists don't amuse. The initial blaze of ""Wow! Incredible! "" it soon becomes a chorus of screams and a frenzied tangle of limbs. Filming from the mobile phone alternates with imperfect subjective views, but the only striking image is the inert skeleton of a panora wheel Horror Movies, Thrillers A group of kids takes an illegal tour through an abandoned city near Chernobyl, where mysterious humanoid forms begin to haunt their steps... Chernobyl Diaries Horror
End of Watch	2012	5.75	6.0	Taylor and Zavala are two patrol cops from the Los Angeles Department. With their car, they guarantee safety in the area south of the city, putting their own safety and that of the people closest to them at risk. End of Watch. Zero tolerance is not a film to be avoided, indeed, but in the end you find it hard to remember a good reason for being in the theater, if not for a couple of sequences designed and shot very well. If you want to remember how much cops can be bastards, in short, you can fish out Tropa de Elite. The death squads, if you want to remember strong personal relationships in uniform, The masters of the night. The real element of novelty, perhaps, is the pressing, aggressive camera, which leaves a few centimeters, which persists on adrenaline-pumping narrow fields, highlighted by tight editing. Action & Adventure Officers Taylor and Zavala patrol the streets of South Central Los Angeles, an area of the city ruled by gangs and riddled with drug violence. End of Watch Action
Spring Breakers	2012	7.06	6.0	With the intention of paying for their spring break, Candy (Vanessa Hudgens), Faith (Selena Gomez), Brit (Ashley Benson) and Cotty (Rachel Corine), four students who share the same room in a boring college dormitory, decide to rob a fast food restaurant. When their nights of partying between alcohol and drugs call the police back and end up in prison, ""Alien"" (James Franco), a drug dealer and arms dealer over the top, asks them to help him free himself. of his enemies by involving them in some dirty chores. With the support and encouragement of their new friend, the four girls will be the protagonists of moments they will hardly forget. It is not for a divertissement that Korine sends three queens of the protected band to the fray in all kinds of rough situations. MTV aesthetics taken to the extreme, annoyingly attractive show, so aimless you can't stop watching. Irresistible narration, elliptical and dreamlike, of Nothing, pure entertainment that dismantles the forms of television entertainment, Spring Breakers will be loved by the same users of the crazy holidays it paints mercilessly. Comedies, Cult Movies, Dramas After four college girls rob a restaurant to fund their spring break in Florida, they get entangled with a weird dude with his own criminal agenda. Spring Breakers Adventure
Adore	2013	4.1	5.0	Roz and Lil, two mature but still charming women, live in a small community by the sea. Since they have known each other, Roz and Lil have been inseparable and their affection has grown since, in secret, they both began to feel attraction towards each other's son. Afraid of people's judgment, they live their relationships secretly for years until one day everything is discovered. Faced with the threat of a life destroyed forever, mothers and children will have to decide whether to continue to indulge their wishes or live a life more in keeping with common moral rules. A three-act drama supported by an Oedipus complex by proxy, Two Mothers puts together two performers who are excellent elsewhere, here only of breathtaking beauty, for what is the first international performance of French Fontaine, already an explorer of female sexuality in Nathalie. Which here takes its cue from a story by Nobel laureate Doris Lessing (published by us in Le nonne, Feltrinelli) to stage a glossy theater, with a postcard Australia on stage, where the psychology of the characters and the intensity of the performances they are reduced to a useless tinsel of a soap opera-smelling story. Inert eroticism like the bodies lying in the sun of the four protagonists, a smooth void with hysteria around the edges: the sculpt is served. Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies When lifelong friends Roz and Lil fall in love with each other's teenage sons, they must carry out their affairs in relative secrecy. Adore Drama
The Physician	2013	6.0	7.0	In a small mining town in 11th century England, Rob Cole (Adam Thomas Wright) is a child who is left orphaned and penniless when his mother dies of a mysterious disease. Promising himself to be a good doctor and defy death, Rob travels to Isfahan, Persia, to study medicine and become a pupil of the great teacher Ibn Sina (Ben Kingsley). Through countless trials and challenges, denying his Christianity by posing as a Jew and making a thousand sacrifices, as the years go by Rob (Tom Payne) will never give up on his intentions. His tireless pursuit of knowledge will also lead him to maintain a long and sincere friendship and the discovery of true love. Adaptation of Noah Gordon's novel of the same name. Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies A medical apprentice in 11th-century Persia disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians. The Physician Adventure
Enemy	2013	7.19	7.0	Adam (Jake Gyllenhaal), a divorced teacher, lives a quiet existence with his girlfriend Mary until the day when, after watching a movie, he discovers the existence of Anthony, an identical actor who lives a few steps from home. his with his wife Helen. Adam begins to follow his ""double"", curious to understand at a distance who he is and how he lives his life. Little by little the curiosity gives way to obsession and soon the paths of the two men cross, starting a lethal battle at the end of which only one will survive. However, all this could only be the fruit of fantasy ... Adaptation of the novel _L'uomo duplicato_ by José Saramago. Independent Movies, Thrillers When a humdrum academic spots his double in a movie, he launches a search that leads him to a small-time actor who looks exactly like him. Enemy Thriller
Frances Ha	2012	7.28	7.0	An aspiring dancer (Greta Gerwig) moves to New York City with the dream of breaking into dance and finding deserved success. Immediately after her arrival, however, she finds herself being dragged by a group of friends who, in a whirlwind of events and situations, lead her to decrease her chances of success and penalize her career.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Determined to make it as a modern dancer in New York, a young woman pursues her unlikely goal with more enthusiasm than natural talent. Frances Ha Comedy
Guru	2007	7.0	7.0	In 1958, after working in Turkey, Gurukant returned to his native India, hoping to open his own business, but did not have enough money. So he decides to marry Sujata for her rich dowry. With the necessary funds, the business expands making Gurukant a great industrialist, but also exposing him to corruption. Based on the true story of Indian tycoon Dhirubhai Ambani, Mani Ratman's Bollywood film has an excellent stellar cast. The director, here also a screenwriter, builds a rich and sumptuous film that manages to return the portrait of a man willing to do anything for his career. A sort of ""Fourth Estate"" made in Bollywood. Dramas, International Movies Ambitious Gurukant Desai ignores his father's advice and leaves his village to find success in Turkey. Guru Biography
Aftershock	2012	5.33	5.0	On the coast of Valparaiso, Chile, the vacation of the American tourist Gringo (Eli Roth), who has come to visit his friend Ariel (Ariel Levy) after ending his marriage, turns at its best when he meets a group of three beautiful tourists ( Natasha Yarovenko, Andrea Osvart and Lorenza Izzo) to go have fun with. But when during the night a violent earthquake hits the area and devastates everything including the underground nightclub where they are having fun, terror takes over and trying to reach the surface will only be the beginning of the hellish chaos that awaits them once. outside.  Action & Adventure, Horror Movies An American tourist and his friends are partying in Chile, but a major earthquake devastates the area and forces them to scramble for survival. Aftershock Horror
Pusher	2012		4.0	Within a week, the life of Frank (Richard Coyle), a big drug dealer from London, takes an unexpected turn, slipping away from him. A deal goes wrong and, in order not to end up trapped by the police, Frank gets rid of the drug consignment that is behind him but this forces him to seek the money to pay his supplier. However, no one seems willing to give him a hand, friends begin to disappear and even the closest loved ones give way to dark violence. With no one left to turn to or nowhere to go, Frank is a man trapped in his own world and aware of the inevitable fate he will face. Remake of Pusher (1996) by director Nicolas Winding Refn, here as executive producer. Action & Adventure In this remake of a 1996 Danish thriller, a drug pusher incurs his suppliers' wrath when he gets busted and is left without the money he owes. Pusher Action
The Congress	2013	5.33	6.0	Robin Wright lets herself be scanned by Miramount for the creation of digital avatars that the big film company will be able to exploit at will, inserting the actress in any type of upcoming film. For the next twenty years Wright will be forced to attend the Miramount Nagasaki congress as a guest of honor until, in a changed world with fantastic appearances, she witnesses a new invention that offers her the chance to experience her film on request, following a simple prescription. Of The Congress - a mix of animation and live action, loosely based on the novel The Congress of Futurology, by Stanislaw Lem, author of Solaris - the new film by Israeli colonel Ari Folman, courage and ambition must certainly be emphasized. In the second lysergic part, The Congress becomes more tiring and cerebral, while maintaining an undoubted visual appeal. Of note is the excellent Danny Huston, sophisticated villain. Dramas, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Actress Robin Wright plays herself in this surreal drama about a film star who agrees to have her digital image recorded for reuse in future films. The Congress Fantasy
Radio Rebel	2012		5.0	Tara Adams is a very shy middle school student who loses all inhibitions only in contact with the microphones of Radio Rebel, a pirate radio that is very popular among school children. However, not everyone likes what is broadcast: the school principal intends to silence the radio once he has identified who is hiding behind it. When Stacy sets her sights on Gavin, Tara realizes it's time to reveal his identity if she doesn't want to lose the guy she adores.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies Shy student Tara has a secret identity: She is smooth-talking Radio Rebel, a DJ who lends her voice to all kids, popular and unpopular alike. Radio Rebel Comedy
Saving Mr. Banks	2013	7.24	7.0	In 1961 the writer P.L. Travers (Emma Thompson) travels from London to Hollywood to meet Walt Disney (Tom Hanks) and discuss his desire to make a film adaptation of Mary Poppins, a world bestseller published by Travers in 1934. Contrary to all expectations, Disney finds himself in front of a sixty-year-old who, with clear ideas about the commercial intent of the project, is not willing to accept any kind of compromise. With many unfinished business with her past, during her stay in California, Travers begins to reflect on her childhood in Australia at the turn of the century when the difficulties experienced by her family, the affection of her father Goff (Colin Farrell) and Aunt Ellie's radiance (Rachel Griffiths) laid the foundation for the inspiration of the characters of Mr. Banks and Mary Poppins, the two protagonists of the novel. While reluctant to grant the rights to Disney, P.J. he soon realizes that the producer has his own good reasons for wanting to make the film.  Comedies, Dramas When Walt Disney sets his sights on obtaining the rights to the children's classic ""Mary Poppins,"" the book's author proves a tough nut to crack. Saving Mr. Banks Drama
Barfi!	2012	8.0	8.0	In Darjeeling, a picturesque Indian town, the young deaf-mute Barfi is loved by all, despite not being able to speak or listen. Throughout his life, however, Barfi lives a bittersweet relationship with the beautiful Shruti and the mentally disabled Jhilmil, two girls who turn his world upside down. Even though she is forced to marry another man, Shruti can never forget Barfi as he decides to take care of Jhilmil, his friend since childhood.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies Years after rejecting Barfii, a hearing and speech impaired young man, for a more ""appropriate"" suitor, Shruti finds herself falling for him. Barfi! Comedy
About Time	2013	7.24	7.0	The night after another unsatisfactory New Year's Eve party, 21-year-old Tim Lake (Domhnall Gleeson) discovers he can travel through time. While unable to turn the tide of the world, Tim can use the discovery to change what happens in his private life. So he decides to make his corner of the universe a better place by finding the girl of his dreams as his girlfriend. Unfortunately for him, the encounters made with time travel aren't as simple as they seem. Richard Curtis's cinema becomes magical and exciting when he disassembles and infinitely reconstructs the space / time coordinates, looking at the most exciting Gondry but also at that purely cinematic illusion where the elusive fragments of life can instead be replicated. The chorality of the English sentimental comedy changes gears, pushes itself into a 50s dimension with the reflections of the stunning colors that seem to come from Minnelli as well as in the previous ""I Love Radio Rock"" the musical acrobatics from George Sidney returned. Comedies, Dramas, International Movies When Tim learns that the men in his family can travel in time and change their own lives, he decides to go back and win the woman of his dreams. About Time Romantic
Olympus Has Fallen	2013	5.0	5.0	Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) is a secret service agent who has lost his job and his honor, held responsible for the first lady's accidental death. When the White House is attacked by a group of North Korean terrorists, Mike voluntarily goes to the site to prove that he is the only man who can save the life of the President (Aaron Eckhart) and the future of the nation itself. American commercial cinema is truly incorrigible: patriotic and superficial, it ridicules itself for its nightmares that are always the same interpreted each time by different actors and at the same time is admired for how it knows how to grasp the air of the times. It is obviously a question of playing along, of adhering to the stereotypes of action thrillers or of rejecting them and at the most recognizing some merit. Action & Adventure A disgraced Secret Service agent must come to the rescue when Korean terrorists descend on the White House and take the president hostage. Olympus Has Fallen Action
13 Sins	2014	4.75	5.0	Elliot Brindle (Mark Webber), a mild-mannered social services coordinator, is about to marry his fiancée despite drowning in debt. A mysterious phone call informs him, however, that the hidden cameras of a game show are filming him and that to win the millionaire prize up for grabs he must complete all 13 tasks that will be assigned to him: for each task completed, the money will be credited to him. on account. Immediately after the first two simple instructions, his bank balance begins to rise and, albeit skeptical, Elliot continues the game. As he progresses the tasks become more and more extreme and Elliot finds himself trapped in horrors driven by unseen onlookers that lead him to a devastating point of no return.  Horror Movies, Thrillers A man agrees to appear on a game show with a $6 million prize. But as the challenges become more extreme, he realizes he's made a grave mistake. 13 Sins Horror
Dallas Buyers Club	2013	7.11	7.0	In 1986 Ron Woodroof (Matthew McConaughey), an electrician from Texas, was diagnosed with AIDS and the doctors offered him a few days to live. Frustrated by the lack of official medical treatment and unwilling to accept a death sentence, Woodroof finds a lifeline in the use of illegal and alternative drugs and creates a smuggling ring to make them available to other AIDS patients. A true and foaming rage story, the one told by the good Vallée on the score of the semi-debutants Borten and Wallack. The abominations of the multinationals cross the individual dimension of evil, in a path that has in McConaughey's body - lost by 25 kilos - the visual counterpoint. Around him archetypal figures of a near past still alive, for a film of writing and interpretations (superb McConaughey, brilliant Leto and Garner) whose direction, while keeping a safe distance from the limelight, is able to explain the subtexts in a few shots. By transforming, for example, a church into a strip club in the simple transition from a close-up to a medium shot. Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies Refusing to accept a death sentence from his doctor after being diagnosed with AIDS in 1986, Ron Woodroof smuggles medications from abroad. Dallas Buyers Club Drama
Turbo	2013	5.5	5.0	Turbo is a garden snail who dreams of becoming the greatest runner in the world and emulating his idol Guy Gagné, five-time champion of the Indianapolis 500. The obsession with speed has made Turbo an outsider to the snail community and even embarrassed his older brother Chet when something unthinkable happens. A strange accident gives Turbo an incredible speed that pushes him to embark on an extraordinary adventure to compete against the best participants of the IndyCar. There is little or nothing original about ""Turbo"". The beautiful things concern, as usual, the humanized details of the animals, with the eyes of the snail hero ready to become fists to beat in desperation, dazzling headlights or LEDs of a Tamarra car radio. But the melancholy kindness of the expressions of ""Ratatouille"" remains a mirage and in the face of the little Turbo, no matter how bungling and likeable, the spark, fundamental in an animation, does not go off, which transforms the freak into ""one of us"" and at the same time exalts it as being unique. It may be because this umpteenth praise of diversity in an American key actually does nothing but chase well-known models: not so much, or not only, in the narrative, but above all in the visual imagination, on hip hop culture that is all blatant at high volume and on a mythology 80s. Children & Family Movies, Comedies A speed-obsessed snail who dreams of being the world's greatest race car driver gets his chance when an accident imbues him with high-octane speed. Turbo Animation
The Conjuring	2013	6.26	7.0	A New England family has close encounters with the terrible spirits that haunt their farmhouse. To get rid of the evil presences, the family is forced to enlist the help of investigators Ed (Patrick Wilson) and Lorraine Warren (Vera Farmiga), experts in occult phenomena. Written by the Hayes twins, it is based on the extrasensory experiences of the real Warren spouses, here played by Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson, but thanks to Wan's staging it moves away from the pseudo-documentary style of fashionable horror. Also thanks to the translucent setting of the 70s, the film involves without seeking forced or false aesthetic originality but remaining functional to one thing: fear. Which for the director is first of all a matter of gaze, because narratively everything appears derivative and nothing should surprise anymore. Yet no: the expectations, the evocation of archetypes, even the worn creaking of a wooden door are stereotypes used at best. Horror Movies, Thrillers Based on true events, this spine-chiller tells the story of a New England family who begins having encounters with spirits in their farmhouse. The Conjuring Horror
The Spectacular Now	2013	5.67	6.0	Sutter Kelly (Miles Teller) is not what a model student calls himself. Senior year of high school, she loves living in the moment, enjoying the fun, and doesn't have a college plan yet. But one day he runs into Aimee (Shailene Woodley), an introverted student whom he proposes to teach to live in his own way. As their relationship intensifies, the lines between right and wrong, friendship and love, salvation and corruption will become increasingly blurred. Adaptation of Tim Tharp's novel of the same name. Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Classmates Aimee and Sutter form an unlikely friendship, and after helping Aimee raise her social confidence, Sutter begins falling for his creation. The Spectacular Now Comedy
Her	2013	6.94	7.0	In the not too distant future, the lonely writer Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) buys a new operating system that can satisfy all user needs. Much to his surprise, Theodore finds himself involved in an unexpected romantic relationship with the voice of the operating system. A sci-fi melody, a human / posthuman love. On the poster the word ""She"" stands out under Phoenix's face: it is he who counts, because this is - again - a tragic work on solipsism. In the darkness of an eternal teenager's room. Between minimal design lines, smooth surfaces and monochrome shirts, there is a simplified, alienated and privileged world, reduced to sentimental worry. At the pleasure principle, finally torn from reality. From a horizon. If ""She"" catches the ""zeitgeist"" she does it as a pop song. Sing the pains of a man closed in on himself, while the world is reduced to a tormenting reflection. Dramas, Romantic Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Love comes to a lonely writer in the sleekest of packages when he finds himself falling for the advanced operating system he bought to run his life. Her Comedy
Horns	2013	6.6	6.0	After a night of excess, 26-year-old Ig Perrish (Daniel Radcliffe) wakes up with a pair of devilish horns on his forehead. As the horns grow, Ig realizes he can feel the hidden thoughts and temptations of those around him. It will be thanks to this new ability that he will be able to solve the mystery related to the recent murder of his latest girlfriend Merrin Williams (Juno Temple) and get revenge, after being found guilty of the crime by all the public opinion. Adaptation of Joe Hill's novel of the same name. Dramas, Horror Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Accused of murder, Ig Perish wakes up one day to find he's grown a set of horns – compelling people to confess their sins to him. Horns Horror
Blackfish	2013	6.6	6.0	Tilikum is the giant orca from Orlando's Sea World. Despite continuing to perform regularly attracting crowds of spectators, Tilikum is responsible for the deaths of three people in three different incidents. The first incident, which occurred in February 1991, saw Tilikum and two other killer whales attack a trainer who had slipped into their tank; the second, in July 1999, cost the life of a 27-year-old who, left alone in the park after closing, had carelessly entered the pool; the third, in February 2010, instead led to the death of the forty-year-old coach Alba Brancheau in front of 12 spectators. The doc reveals chilling aspects of the management of this entertainment machine, but in order to affirm its truth (the treatment of killer whales is as bestial as their instincts, the shows should be abolished) does not hesitate to use sometimes incorrect means, making the tragedy spectacular. Documentaries This fascinating documentary examines the life of performing killer whale Tilikum, who has caused the deaths of several people while in captivity. Blackfish Documentary
Snowpiercer	2013	6.7	7.0	In the year 2031, the Earth was devastated by wars and a new glaciation. The few survivors all find themselves on the only train left on the planet traveling without end and destination between snow and ice. On board, rigid social divisions continue to exist: the poor live in desperate conditions and suffer cold and hunger while the rich, in first class, enjoy all the privileges, immersed in a context of lust and fun. One day Curtis, one of the poor, decides that the time has come to change the state of things. To bring this powerful dystopia to the big screen, Bong Joon-ho exploits with fulminating and visionary skill the two risky ""cages"" that he inherits from the source material: that of the comic from which the film is based (Le Transperceneige by Jean-Marc Rochette and Jacques Lob) and that, even more rigid, of the convoy, consisting of a series of individual sets (reconstructed in the studio in Prague) that mechanically mark the action. The camera moves with unprecedented freedom in the hyper-technological but narrow spaces of the train and, like a ram breaking through the doors of the wagons, Bong's direction eludes the constraints in which his characters move. The entertainment whizzes by without brakes, an adrenaline-pumping show whose political load seems obvious from the beginning, but unfolds in progressive revelations until it reaches the very black and slave heart of the locomotive, the very meaning of revolution. With the finale, colder than any blanket of snow, Snowpiercer breaks down the boundaries of genre cinema to show us the terminus of humanity. Action & Adventure, Cult Movies, International Movies The Earth's remaining inhabitants are confined to a single train circling the globe as revolution brews among the class-divided cars. Snowpiercer Fantasy
The Art of the Steal	2013	3.33	5.0	Crunch Calhoun (Kurt Russell), reckless third-rate motorcyclist and semi-reformed art thief, sets out to carry out one final but lucrative theft with his unreliable brother Nicky (Matt Dillon). After reassembling his old team, Crunch organizes in detail the theft of an ancient book of inestimable value but the success of the heist leads to another plan, much more risky, developed by Nicky. What the brothers don't realize is that they both have different goals to accomplish and that their plans, going wrong, will call into question the meaning of brotherhood, honor and revenge.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, Independent Movies Crunch Calhoun, a daredevil motorcyclist and mostly reformed con artist, agrees to do one last job: helping his brother Nicky steal a priceless book. The Art of the Steal Comedy
Jiro Dreams of Sushi	2011	7.0	8.0	In the basement of a Tokyo building, 85-year-old sushi master Jiro Ono works at his world-famous restaurant, Sukiyabashi Jiro. With Jiro on the brink of farewell to his profession but still pursuing his goal of crafting the perfect sushi, son Yoshikazu faces pressure to take over the reins of the family business and legendary restaurant. . The best segments of the film by the young New Yorker David Gelb are those dedicated to Jiro's team at work, the choice of materials and the creation of a sublime dish in its apparent simplicity. The documentary then delves into the stories of the chef's two sons: the eldest, relegated to his father's eternal second, and the younger, himself boss of a branch (less starred) of his father's restaurant. Portrayed in the shadow of a legendary parent devoted only to sushi, they become the protagonists of an almost mélo sector, directed by Gelb with impertinent (and not always in tune with) sadistic irony. Documentaries This documentary profiles sushi chef Jiro Ono, an 85-year-old master whose 10-seat, $300-a-plate restaurant is legendary among Tokyo foodies. Jiro Dreams of Sushi Documentary
Short Term 12	2013	7.25	7.0	Grace, a girl in her 20s, works as a supervisor at a foster care facility for at-risk teens. Passionate and tough, Grace is terrific at taking care of her assigned boys and is very much in love with her boyfriend and colleague Mason. However, her difficult past and the new future that suddenly presents itself to her send Grace into confusion, especially after a talented but tormented teenager arrives at the center with whom she finds herself establishing a strong relationship.  Dramas, Independent Movies A new charge at a foster care facility dredges up the memories of a young supervisor's own troubled past, and her tough exterior begins eroding. Short Term 12 Drama
Elena	2012	7.0	5.0	Elena, a young Brazilian woman, moved to New York with the dream of becoming a film actress, leaving behind her childhood as a clandestine during the years of military dictatorship and saying goodbye to Petra, her seven-year-old sister. Two decades later, Petra also became an actress and leaves for New York in search of Elena. When he finally manages to find it in an unexpected place, Petrà will have to learn to give it up forever. Elena, the film, is a documentary that collects archival material and abandons it to the decomposed funeral elegy of words, a sentimental home movie, clinging to questions about the future, and the past, of his sister. A melee between the director and the specter of predestination, a close confrontation, a showdown. A posthumous act of love. Costa's gesture dialogues with Marazzi's Una ora sola ti, with Irène by Cavalier, but falls into the forms of an affected lyricism, of a poetic research that, looking for the beauty of the verse, the daring of the metaphor, ends up losing in urgency. And for an intimate, delicately obscene work, even seeming insincere is a mole. Documentaries, International Movies In this documentary, the director remembers a sister who left behind her life under Brazil’s dictatorship and moved to New York with dreams of acting. Elena Documentary
Blue Jasmine	2013	7.51	7.0	After seeing her life shattered and her marriage to wealthy businessman Hal running into serious trouble, Jasmine leaves her sophisticated New York city to move to San Francisco. Settling into her sister Ginger's small apartment, Jasmine will attempt to bring order to her existence. During the 90 minutes that separate us from the most distressing, raw and realistic vision of failure, Allen takes us on a tour of disaster. No narrative expedient will put Jasmine back on the path of pure comedy, no sliding door will let her breathe the glimmer of lightening. Pure and simple drama of a life in disarray, albeit admirably complicated by the Allenian intertwining of characters: written with the tip of a brilliant pen, the supporting characters are faces and bodies that adhere closely to human inclinations in the face of negligible or engulfing abysses. Inside the savory environment, the chilling blue of the splendid decadent alienated Cate Blanchett, to remind us that Blue Jasmine is (also) one of her films. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies The high life leads to high anxiety for a fashionable New York City homemaker in crisis who finds herself forced to live a more modest lifestyle. Blue Jasmine Comedy
The Rover	2014	6.73	6.0	In a highly dangerous and disastrous near future, in the southern Australian desert, Eric (Guy Pearce) has left behind everything, person and semblance of human kindness, when a gang of criminals steals the last thing he still has: l car inside which he hides something that is important and priceless to him. Forced to embark on a merciless mission to get back what belongs to him, along the way Eric will be forced to accept the help of Rey (Robert Pattinson), the weakest and smallest member of the gang, left alone following the chaos of the gang. robbery. The second work of those who have guessed the first is always at risk, because the expectation is high. The idea of ??Australian director and screenwriter David Michôd trying his hand at a dystopian fantasy western was mouth watering. Unfortunately the dish is overcooked, despite some intriguing flavor. Pearce and Pattinson do their best to give depth to two polar opposite characters, but it's the fault of a stripped-down script, not them, if any empathy is hidden. International Movies, Thrillers Set in a chaotic future, this Outback saga follows loner Eric's brutal ordeal when a criminal gang takes his car and leaves him nowhere with nothing. The Rover Drama
The Green Inferno	2013	4.95	5.0	A group of student activists set out from New York to reach the Amazon and lead the battle there to protect a tribe of Indians that is in danger of extinction. In the jungle, however, the group will find itself hostage to the same natives that it has taken to safety. A work that does not take off and disappears precisely in terms of disturbance. Roth's (and many other quotationists, devoid of Tarantino's talent) continues to be a cinema of enthusiasm, cross-references and good intentions, never devoid of amusing ideas, almost always lacking in rhythm, tension and, specifically, primordial mechanisms. of fear. Horror Movies, Independent Movies Determined to save an Amazon tribe being squeezed by logging, a group of students finds nothing but trouble when their plane crashes in the jungle. The Green Inferno Horror
Night Moves	2013	6.64	7.0	Harmon (Peter Sarsgaard) is a former Marine who, after serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, has remained the same reckless as ever, eager for adventure and excited by the prospects of chaos and destruction. Rebellious high society girl Dena (Dakota Fanning) is disgusted by the consumer economy of the society in which she grew up and has moved west to break all ties with her family, embracing increasingly radical political ideas. Josh (Jesse Eisenberg) is a middle-class child, a diligent and quiet student by nature but at the same time reserved, calculating and cold. The three join forces to perform the most spectacular action of their lives: blowing up a hydroelectric dam, a symbol of the industrial exploitation of nature's resources. History of an absence of political conscience, of ecoterrorists alienated in the pleasure principle of (counter) ideology, of the disorienting trauma of the reality principle? Thrilling, for Reichardt, is? moral fact, mental question. So? ethical judgment takes the form of paranoid oppression, from the parts of The Conversation. The exact opposite of an easy film of ecological denunciation: how can you pretend to protect the world, if you have not come to terms with yourself? Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers A pair of young environmentalists enlist the help of an ex-military explosives expert to carry out a dangerous act of eco-terrorism. Night Moves Drama
One Direction: This Is Us	2013	6.0	6.0	Since their first appearance on the UK edition of the X Factor talent show, One Direction have become one of the most famous youth bands in the world and Harry, Liam, Louis, Niall and Zayn, the band members, have become true idols for teenagers. Committed to making their first album in the United States together with their manager and discoverer Simon Cowell, the five boys show their more personal side for the first time by telling their lives. The 5 British kids, put together for a talent show and risen to an international musical phenomenon, delude themselves to declaim their meager essence in the 3 words of the subtitle (this is us), but receive a more compelling film certificate than the one dedicated to Katy Perry. The landing is soft, because the film works like a velvet-covered spring mattress, and everyone is happy. And love, already blind, is clouded by an excellent staging. Documentaries, Music & Musicals Award-winning documentarian Morgan Spurlock turns his camera on boy band phenomenon One Direction in this combination concert film and backstage pass. One Direction: This Is Us Documentary
The Captive	2014	6.08	6.0	Matthew (Ryan Reynolds) is the father of Cass, a kidnapped child whose track has been lost. Eight years after that tragic day, a series of disturbing clues lead Matthew to believe that his 17-year-old daughter is still alive. In a terrifying race against time, Matthew, the detectives and even Cass herself will each have to play their part to ensure that the mystery of the disappearance is cleared up and the imprisonment is brought to an end.  Dramas, Thrillers Eight years after their daughter's abduction tore them apart, her parents receive enigmatic clues from the kidnapper hinting that she's still alive. The Captive Thriller
Man of Tai Chi	2013	4.0	5.0	In Beijing, the ambitious young ""Tiger"" Chen Lin-Hu works as a courier but, in his free hours, transforms into a martial arts fighter who, by perfecting the ancient art of tai chi, has managed to make a name for himself in the prestigious championship. Wulin Wang. In Hong Kong, however, investigator Suen Jing-Si, who works for an anti-organized crime unit, is on the trail of Donaka Mark, a powerful businessman who runs an illegal fighting ring. Looking for new fighters, Donaka manages to lure Tiger with the promise of easy money, bringing out his darker side. Unable to fully exploit the possibilities offered by his strength and mastery, Tiger eventually agrees to team up with Jing-si to try and put Donaka out of the way.  Action & Adventure, Dramas In this kung fu tale set in Beijing, a young man armed with incomparable martial arts skills gets embroiled in the world of underground fight clubs. Man of Tai Chi Action
Bombay Talkies	2013		4.0	After the death of his father, a failed actor has one last chance to prove himself and his daughter. A man from the province arrives in Mumbai to fulfill his sick father's last wish. The life of a happily married couple changes when the wife meets a new co-worker. A 12-year-old boy from a middle-class family takes inspiration from a movie star to challenge society's conventions and pursue his dreams. Four different Indian directors direct the four segments that make up the film, a tribute to the centenary of Bollywood cinema. Dramas, International Movies A gay man deals with his sexuality, a struggling actor has an epiphany, a boy becomes a dancer, and a man tries to fulfill his father's dying wish. Bombay Talkies Drama
The Salvation	2014	6.5	7.0	Around 1870, in America, settler John kills the killer of his family, unleashing the fury of the infamous gang leader Delarue. Betrayed by the corrupt and cowardly community he lives in, John is forced to transform into a vengeful hunter, kill outlaws alone, and purify the black heart of his city. The prologue is beautiful and violent, derivative beyond the alarm threshold and the rest without flickers. Exasperating the staging, all built on bewitching backgrounds in CGI. The Levring frontier is a punctured postcard, an arid desert of ideas and passion. You meet it and forget it. Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies In the Old West, a Danish homesteader avenges the murder of his wife and son, only to unleash a gang leader's brutal fury. The Salvation Western
Closed Circuit	2013	5.4	5.0	One morning, in a crowded London market, a bomb explodes. In the merciless manhunt that follows, only one of the members of the terrorist cell suspected of the attack survives: it is Farroukh Erdogan, who is arrested and imprisoned. Thus begins the preparations for what promises to be the trial of the century but there is a hitch: the government decides to classify the evidence against Erdogan as secret and neither the defendant nor his lawyers can see it. This causes the Attorney General to need to appoint a special attorney, Claudia Simmons-Howe, who with government approval is the only defense member who can see and discuss evidence during a closed-door trial. The rules for the special attorney are clear from the start: once you learn about the evidence, you will no longer be allowed to speak to your client or colleagues. The case, however, has it that on the eve of the trial Erdogan's lawyer dies suddenly and that his place is taken by Martin Rose, a lawyer with a genius nose who in the past had a relationship with Claudia. As Martin begins following the case, the sinister contours of a conspiracy emerge that lead him to approach Claudia and put their lives in danger.  Dramas, Thrillers Martin and Claudia, top-flight lawyers who happen to be former lovers, become targets when they're teamed up to defend a notorious terrorist. Closed Circuit Thriller
Blue Ruin	2013	6.91	7.0	A lonely wanderer returns to his childhood home to carry out a plan of revenge. But uncovering a shocking truth about his past, he turns out to be an inept killer and finds himself embroiled in a desperate struggle to protect his estranged family.  Independent Movies, Thrillers Bad news from the past unhinges vagabond Dwight Evans, sending him on a mission of bloody retribution that takes him to his childhood hometown. Blue Ruin Thriller
Ugly	2013	7.0	7.0	Kali, a ten-year-old girl whose parents Rahul and Shalini are divorced, lives with her mother and stepfather Shoumik, a man who heads a police squad in the city of Mumbai. During one particular Saturday when she goes out with her father Rahul, Kali disappears into thin air ... Starting with a simple drama centered around kidnapping, the film explores the themes of the relationships between a man and a woman, the patriarchal system, the way men view women and domestic violence. Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers When a 10-year-old goes missing while her father, an actor, is out on an audition, the girl's stepfather – Mumbai's police chief – leads the search. Ugly Drama
Maps to the Stars	2014	6.95	7.0	The Weiss family has made an obsession with stardom their hallmark. 13-year-old son Benjie (Evan Bird) is a TV star and recently ended up in drug rehab, while estranged daughter Agatha (Mia Wasikowska) just got out of a mental hospital when she befriends limo driver Jerome ( Robert Pattinson), also an aspiring actor. His father Sanford (John Cusack) is a famous guru and among his clients is Havana Segrand (Julianne Moore), an actress whose dream of playing the role of the dead mother, also a famous actress, in a new film slowly crumbles. while ghosts, death and vices take over. Cronenberg is no longer interested in the story, but only in the isolation of a portion of the world to be studied, as usual, in the manner of entomologists. In this seventh terminal art there is no more space for narration. Cinema has evaporated, and Cronenberg has evaporated his cinema. A painful and immense work. Comedies, Dramas A showbiz family revolving around its teen celebrity son desperately tries to hang on to fame and success in this savage satire of Hollywood. Maps to the Stars Drama
Jupiter Ascending	2015	4.67	5.0	In a world where humans represent the lowest rung of the evolutionary ladder, Jupiter Jones (Mila Kunis) was born under a lucky star and has an extraordinary destiny ahead of her. Now grown up, she still continues to have big dreams despite reality forcing her to a toilet cleaning job. When she then meets Caine (Channing Tatum), a genetically altered ex-military hunter, Jupiter realizes he is at the center of something bigger than her. In the crosshairs of the Queen of the Universe who fears the end of her reign, Jupiter has on his shoulders an extraordinary legacy that could alter the balance of the entire cosmos. Anti-liberal parable, visionary, glowing space opera as if Philip J. Farmer and Edgar R. Burroughs had conceived the script in tandem. And then Channing Tatum, in laser rollerblade, pushed towards the inorganic (with a tribute to John Phillip Law of Barbarella), a werewolf with ears to Spock who yearns for the body of his mistress. Jupiter is the most filmic beyond cinema ever imagined. A whole new eroticism. Popular and democratic. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A young impoverished woman learns she's been predestined to change the fate of the universe after a genetically engineered hunter tracks her down. Jupiter Ascending Fantasy
Welcome to New York	2014	6.89	6.0	Mister Deveraux is a very powerful man who manages millions of dollars every day and controls the economic destiny of different nations in the world. Deveraux, however, is also a man with a frenetic and unbridled sexual hunger, who from the one who wanted to save the world will transform him into an individual who cannot even save himself. Loosely based on the story of Dominique Strauss-Khan, director general of the International Monetary Fund arrested in 2011 on charges of attempted sexual violence. Will / power: this is what ""Welcome to New York"" is about. And a lot of other connected things, sometimes with ad nauseum returning symbologies (money, sex, between grunts and other money), furrowing corridors, sidewalks and darker rooms. The film is fascinating, even irritating. You exaggerate two hours, full of iterations that are sometimes useless; Ferrara has no sense of the limit and not recognizing it would mean doing a wrong to his history as a glorious filmmaker. Dramas, Independent Movies A lecherous World Bank official sees his reputation crumbling when he's accused of raping a hotel maid during a trip to New York. Welcome to New York Drama
Miss Julie	2014	7.0	6.0	Over the course of the summer of 1890 in a large country house in Northern Ireland, Miss Julie (Jessica Chastain) finds herself at the center of a battle of class and sexes when, as the daughter of a wealthy landowner, she pledges to seduce John (Colin Farrell), his father's valet. Her actions, the cause of a power struggle with tragic consequences, will take place under the watchful and attentive eye of Kathleen (Samantha Morton), family cook and John's lover. Adaptation of August Strindberg's play of the same name that puts on film a wide spectrum of feelings: from the sudden fragility of the protagonist Julie to the disappointment of the betrayed Kathleen, passing through John's ambition. All filtered through opposite social classes that attract, graze, repel. Dramas, International Movies On a summer night in 1890 Ireland, the unsettled daughter of aristocrats coaxes her father's valet to seduce her, though he's engaged to their cook. Miss Julie Drama
Kraftidioten	2014	7.27	7.0	Nils drives a snow blower and lives a worry-free existence in the winter paradise of Beitostølen, Norway. However, the sudden death of his son puts him in the middle of a drug control war between the Norwegian mafia and the Serbs. In the new criminal universe in which he is led to enter Nils is only a rookie but, armed with heavy machinery, he has the classic luck of beginners. Inhabited by characters who are all programmatically eccentric figurines, Hans Petter Moland's fifth film with Stellan Skarsgård charges the merciless atmospheres of Scandinavian thriller to the grotesque, but balances noir and farce, empathy and parody. Postmodernity since the 90s, foolish banquet of dialogues and cutting jokes, graphic brutality, chatty digressions. All in a cruel world of idiots. An out of time ""divertissement"". An instant cult. Comedies, International Movies, Thrillers When he sets out to avenge his son's murder, mild-mannered snowplow driver Nils sparks a war between a Norwegian mobster and his Serbian rival. Kraftidioten Comedy
Son of a Gun	2014	5.5	5.0	Arrested for a misdemeanor, 19-year-old JR quickly comes up against a tough prison life and accepts the protection offered by Brendan Lynch, Australia's number one public enemy. Since protection comes at a price, when he is back on the loose, JR is called upon to repay his debt, helping Lynch regain his freedom with a daring escape. As a reward, he can take part in a series of millionaire robberies that will put JR on a collision course with his former mentor as soon as things start to go wrong.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, Independent Movies A young petty thief who received protection from a notorious inmate in jail is forced to spring his defender from prison and help pull off a heist. Son of a Gun Drama
Race	2008	6.0	6.0	Ranvir and Rajiv are two half-siblings who own a huge horse farm in South Africa. While Ranvir is very shrewd and aggressive, Rajiv has serious problems with alcohol and, by a twist of fate, is led to marry the model Shaina, who is in love with her stepbrother. When Ranvir and Shaina in a moment of weakness get close to each other and soon fuel Rajiv's suspicions, hell will break loose and an outspoken policeman with his assistant will investigate.  Action & Adventure, International Movies, Music & Musicals The plot thickens around two horse-racing competitors when three beautiful women come into their lives and a murder is committed. Race Action
Transcendence	2014	4.38	5.0	Dr. Will Caster (Johnny Depp) is the foremost researcher in the field of artificial intelligence and works to create a sentient machine, capable of combining the same artificial intelligence with the full range of human emotions. His highly controversial experiments have made him famous all over the world but have also made him the main target of anti-tech extremists, who would do anything to stop him. However, in an attempt to destroy Will, his bitterest enemies unwittingly end up making him the protagonist of his own ""transcendence"". Evelyn (Rebecca Hall) and Max Waters (Paul Bettany) - Will's wife and best friend respectively and both researchers - ask themselves a thousand questions about what to do when, implanting the synapses in an artificial machine, Will transforms his thirst for knowledge into an obsessive one. pursuit of power. Pfister really does everything to create a science fiction product that does not resort to the usual set pieces and is not forced to rely only on special effects. Yet nothing works. Film with a leaden gait, philosophically banal, Manichean in the representation of the neo-Luddites, stuck in the supporting sentimental triangulation and ideologically unresolved, not even helped by a Depp at an all-time low, absent as if he were really the hologram of a synaptic filament lost in the network . The only one who is committed beyond the minimum wage threshold is Paul Bettany, but it does not affect the fate of Transcendence. Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers Two computer scientists work to achieve technological singularity to create a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain. Transcendence Fantasy
Love, Rosie	2014	5.86	6.0	Rosie and Alex are best friends. Suddenly, they are forced to separate when Alex and his family have to move from Dublin to America. Will their friendship ever overcome time and distance? Will the two boys be able to play it all out for true love? It is of immediate impact, #ScrivimiAncora, with the camera that often lingers on the faces of Rosie and Alex. With the light of a fairy tale, but also with an effective realist imprint that captures the life of Rosie and her daughter, like in a Frears film based on Roddy Doyle. Only the epilogue is suddenly speeded up and then burned. But the enthusiasm of a simple and vital cinema remains. Adaptation of a novel by Cecelia Ahern. Comedies, International Movies, Romantic Movies Over the years, as they come and go in each other's life, childhood pals Rosie and Alex struggle to resolve the lasting, intimate bond between them. Love, Rosie Comedy
The Riot Club	2014	4.9	5.0	Ten students from Oxford University, rich, spoiled, cynical and arrogant, are admitted to the prestigious Riot Club, founded in 1776. As they aspire to make a mark among the legendary figures who preceded them, the boys over the course of an evening, in which thanks to alcohol the spirits heat up, they go towards an ending that would ruin their reputation forever. There are two possible options for them: accuse the club and end up ousted from the circle that matters or remain silent in exchange for a bright future. Adaptation of the play of the same name by Laura Wade. Dramas, International Movies After being drafted into an elite secret society, a pair of students at Oxford University see the group's extreme debauchery spiral out of control. The Riot Club Drama
Good People	2014	4.0	5.0	Tom and Anna, a young American couple living in London, end up in debt up to their necks for a variety of reasons. One morning, the two found the downstairs tenant dead and with him £ 200,000 in cash. Seeing in money the resolution of all their problems, they decide to take the money but from that moment they become the prey and target of those who really stole them. Inspired by the novel Good people by Marcus Saker. Action & Adventure, Thrillers A struggling couple can't believe their luck when they find a stash of money in the apartment of a neighbor who was recently murdered. Good People Drama
Starred Up	2013	7.5	7.0	Eric, a troubled young teenager, is transferred to an adult prison. However, the new environment only serves to amplify his ultra-violent behavior and Eric soon falls under the control of Lieutenant Nev. Nev, who is Eric's father, hasn't seen his son for 12 years and building a sympathetic relationship with him is more than complicated after a decade of mistrust and separation.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A British juvenile offender's violent temper gets him transferred to an adult prison, where he encounters his estranged father. Starred Up Drama
Sacro GRA	2013	5.04	6.0	For about three years the director Gianfranco Rosi traveled with a camper on the Grande Raccordo Anulare of Rome to collect the stories of those who live around it. Through different characters caught in their daily existence, a journey emerges through the unexpected lives and landscapes of the Eternal City. Among the various encounters there are those with the Turin nobleman and his university daughter, who live in a studio flat on the edge of the Raccordo; with the ""palmologist"" who obsessively seeks a remedy to free the plants of his oasis from devouring larvae; with the new prince doing early morning gymnastics on the roof of his castle built in the abusive heart of the north-eastern suburbs; with the actor of photo novels, historical memory of Rome in the cinema, who obstinately pursues the fame and dream of a young adventure on the junction, like the eel fisherman who built a village on the water under the overpasses of southern Rome. Thanks to a calculated and at the same time natural writing, born from the relationship between the director, the crew reduced to the bone and the characters who simply live their lives in front of the camera, the Raccordo becomes a sacred place because it is universal, a no man's land that it is reborn starting from a displacement and waiting for a revelation. Author of a cinema of the real, Rosi blurs the very concept of documentary and as a recognition for a cinema based on research and observation that has existed in Italy for some time, the Golden Lion in Venice 70 at ""Sacro GRA"" is not a surprise or a revolution, but the culmination of a movement that counts other directors (Di Costanzo, Oliviero, Marcello, to stay with the best known) and that now has the sole task of continuing to make the real Italian cinema we need. Documentaries, International Movies Italian filmmaker Gianfranco Rosi turns his eye to his own country, roaming and filming for over two years in a minivan on Rome's giant ring road. Sacro GRA Documentary
Locke	2013	7.68	7.0	Ivan Locke worked hard to create a good life for himself. On the eve of the biggest challenge of his career, Ivan receives a phone call that sets in motion a series of events that will involve his family, his work and his entire existence in the span of just ninety minutes. Knight typeset his script with a filming system in which the device coherently appropriates the significant limelight: multiple filming systems, inside and outside the passenger compartment, digital telephone display as an omniscient narrator to the sound of rings and graphic announcements preceding new calls incoming: everything is functional to the oppression exerted by the new mode of communications and relations on the single adrift, played by the histrionic Tom Hardy with a giant stage presence. The director enters the frozen heart of contemporaneity by delivering us a text that, in a few years, we will consider seminal. Dramas, Independent Movies Over the space of 90 minutes, Ivan Locke's life spins out of control via a series of phone calls made while he drives down the highway to London. Locke Drama
Kill the Messenger	2014	6.88	6.0	Gary Webb (Jeremy Renner) works as a reporter for the San Jose Mercury News, sacrificing his private life for the profession. In the 1990s, Webb discovered the role played by the CIA in importing cocaine into California, which was sold to raise money for the rebel Contras army in Nicaragua. Supported by his wife and children, Webb brings the story to light but soon becomes the subject of a smear campaign by the CIA and rival journalists, finding himself fighting with all his might to save his reputation and family. Willing spy story of chatter and editorial, unspectacular and of a television system that follows the model of the 70s, but shows the bitter side of that journalistic epic that from All the President's Men to The Newsroom is filled with heroism and optimism. The protagonist's psychological picture is effective even if it is stingy with chiaroscuro, the simplistic but composed family picture, and there are some happy intuitions. A civil and humanist cinema, certainly short of breath, but with clear ideas. Inspired by a true story. Dramas, Thrillers In the 1980s, a crusading journalist uncovers secret CIA funding for Nicaraguan rebels, but the powers that be silence his investigation. Kill the Messenger Thriller
Wish I Was Here	2014	6.0	6.0	Aidan Bloom is an actor, husband and father, who at 35 still struggles to find his place in the world. He and his wife can barely fend for themselves financially and Aidan spends his time fantasizing about being the futuristic space knight he dreamed of becoming as a young boy. When the sick father is no longer able to pay the expenses for the education of his two children and with only the public school as a last resort, Aidan decides, albeit reluctantly, to resort to a home schooling. The result, however, is not the best until Aidan opts for a very personal program, which will teach his children how to survive and which will allow him to rediscover parts of himself that he had forgotten.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies With his acting career moribund, Aidan Bloom steers a new tack in life, taking over his children's education when private school becomes too costly. Wish I Was Here Comedy
Trash	2014	5.83	6.0	Rafael and Gardo, two kids who sort waste in Rio's favelas, find a wallet and imagine that their lives will change forever. When the police come forward offering them a reward in exchange for their wallet, the two realize how important the find is and with the help of their friend Rato they set out on an extraordinary adventure to trace the owner. They will collide with corrupt police forces on the way and find the unexpected help of a couple of American missionaries. Captivating packaging, engaging storytelling and exotic context. Exotic for whom? For us, of course: we Westerners. Hence the moral doubt: can the favelas treated in this way - scenographically ugly, aesthetically ""beautiful"" - become a show, a set? Trash will appeal to those who answer yes and horrify those who think no. Adaptation of Andy Mulligan's novel of the same name. Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers Three poor Brazilian teens find something suspicious in a garbage heap, then end up on the run from the law as they try to set things right. Trash Drama
Left Behind	2014	2.63	3.0	Suddenly, millions of people around the world vanish for no apparent reason. All that remains of them are clothes, objects and an overwhelming sense of dread. The police forces are on alert and the cities become the territory of aggression, riots and looting. The Earth in a very short time finds itself plunged into darkness and no one is able to help or provide answers. Ray Steele (Nicolas Cage), pilot of a Boeing 747, must try to calm his passengers who have seen loved ones vanish in front of nowhere and be able to land in an airport that is not in flames. Buck Williams (Chad Michael Murray), a famous journalist trapped 30,000 feet high, struggles to understand what generated the most incomprehensible and devastating event in history. Chloe Steele (Cassy Thomson), Ray's daughter on the ground, however, must find her mother and brother. Vic Armstrong's film stops at the subject, losing its center of gravity in useless dramaturgical tracks and reducing humanity to stereotypes crammed into the airliner driven by Rayford Steele, played with rare reluctance by a Nicolas Cage more boiled than ever. Continuity of editing is an optional and the acting is a prize travel. Left Behind is an oversized TV movie that thinks about the end of everything. In its own way, it launches a theoretical signal. Action & Adventure, Faith & Spirituality, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After millions of people on Earth suddenly disappear, a pilot flying a plane stuck at 30,000 feet must find a way to ensure the passengers' survival. Left Behind Drama
Mojave	2015	4.0	6.0	An artist (Garrett Hedlund), close to suicide, goes to the Mojave desert to face his existential crisis. Here, however, he runs into his antagonist, a double who has the features of a brilliant homicidal tramp (Oscar Isaac).  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers A lethal game of cat and mouse stretches from the desert to Tinseltown after Hollywood bad boy Thomas runs afoul of a cunning and dangerous drifter. Mojave Thriller
Dark Places	2015	5.0	6.0	At the age of seven, Libby Day survived the massacre that exterminated her family and testified against her brother, pointing to him as the killer. Thirty years later, Libby (Charlize Theron) is forced to confront a group obsessed with solving known criminal cases, who have several questions to ask about the horrific event she escaped. New memories, old suspicions and shocking news thus lead Libby to question her testimony, prompting her to seek the truth about her tragic past. Adaptation of a novel by Gillian Flynn on the themes of guilt, repression and redemption. To support the scaffolding and the viewer's attention there are two temporal planes and numerous explanations. All on the shoulders of Charlize Theron. Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers Years after surviving a brutal crime as a child, Libby Day comes to believe that the brother she testified against for committing it may be innocent. Dark Places Drama
Dolphin Tale 2	2014	5.0	4.0	Thanks to an innovative prosthesis, the dolphin Winter managed to survive an end that was always certain, becoming a symbol of hope and perseverance for people all over the world. Yet his struggle is not over yet. Winter's surrogate mother Panama has passed away, and according to US law, the dolphin cannot remain alone in the Clearwater Marine Hospital. Before Winter is moved to another aquarium, the staff will need to find him a new mate. Based on a true story and sequel to The Incredible Story of Winter the Dolphin (2011). Shot this time in 2D to allow more mobile shooting, the film is visually less impressive than many documentaries now also on television and focuses on a moving story, undoubtedly easy to be effective, but definitely not cinematic despite the luxurious guest stars. Children & Family Movies, Dramas Winter the dolphin, who survived a tragic injury by receiving a prosthetic tail, bonds with an orphaned baby dolphin after her beloved pool mate dies. Dolphin Tale 2 Drama
Jersey Boys	2014	7.23	7.0	The rise, the difficult moments, the personal clashes and the final triumph of the Four Seasons, a group of friends whose music has become the symbol of an entire generation. With particular attention to the frontman Frankie Valli, ""the little boy with the big falsetto"", we follow the vicissitudes of the four boys, faithful to a code of honor learned in the streets of New Jersey and called to a multitude of challenges , caused them by gambling debts, mafia threats and family disasters. The New Jersey working class lands in the paradise of success, with the side effects of chance. The Four Seasons live all four seasons: the family crisis and that of the group, betrayal and vanity, drama and rebirth. Already seen and heard. But it is Eastwood, with his solemn solid eloquent simplicity. An affectionate and terribly melancholy film, of that melancholy that does not need nostalgia, because it is inside the things of life, yesterday, today and tomorrow. Dramas, Music & Musicals Adapted from the hit Broadway musical, this nostalgic look at the Four Seasons and their bumpy offstage lives stretches across four decades. Jersey Boys Biography
Manglehorn	2014	5.33	6.0	AJ Manglehorn (Al Pacino) is a mature gentleman from a small town. His is a rather ordinary life: he regularly takes care of his sick cat, chats with the cashier of a local bank every Friday morning and eats every day at the same place. But there is something that sets Manglehorn apart from the rest, as he lost the woman of his dreams 40 years earlier. After all his dramatic efforts to build a new life, Manglehorn is soon called to face a difficult situation and realize what he has become.  Dramas, Independent Movies A reclusive small-town locksmith who can't stop writing letters to a lost love meets a kindly bank teller who challenges him to look to the future. Manglehorn Drama
A Little Chaos	2014	5.38	6.0	Madame Sabine De Barra (Kate Winslet) is one of the most unlikely candidates for the role of landscape architect to work on the palace of Versailles, still under construction. However, her classic designs attract the attention of the famous architect Le Notre (Matthias Schoenaerts), who decides to hire her. While busy working on her creation, Sabine finds herself drawn to the enigmatic Le Notre and juggling dangerous rivalries and intricate labels at the court of King Louis XIV (Alan Rickman). Strongly tempered, Sabine will be able to count on her honesty and compassionate nature to overcome the challenges of her sudden popularity and an unspeakable tragedy of her past, winning the acclaim of the Sun King and the heart of Le Notre. Rickman directs with transparent diligence, arousing the suspicion of being on the set mostly for the sake of wearing the wig of Louis XIV: the first meeting between the sovereign and the gardener is among the funniest sequences, as well as the unexpected revelation is striking. of a secret and supportive circle among the women of the palace. Too little, however: there is no trace of chaos here, only composed and reassuring conventionality. Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A willful young woman is hired to design a garden at Versailles for Louis XIV. Soon, she's ensnared in political and romantic complications. A Little Chaos Drama
Selfless	2015	5.38	5.0	A very rich old man, destined to die of cancer, undergoes an experimental and innovative medical procedure that transfers his mind and consciousness into the body of a healthy young man. However, not everything goes as smoothly as it should and the man begins to unravel the mystery linked to the origin of his body and the secret organization ready to kill to protect his intentions. Tarsem Singh abandons his pompous kitsch aesthetic in the golden house of the protagonist, and seeks the Spartan effectiveness of cinema B: the result is a sloppy entertainment that staggers badly on the road of twists, but which remains poignant in proposing to the society of the easy oblivion the need (literal and radical) to take charge of the dead, their stories, making a pop and trivial spectacle of the moral worry of so much high literature, from José Saramago to Winfried Sebald, up to Javier Marías. Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers A dying tycoon has his consciousness transplanted into the body of a healthy young man, only to make a troubling discovery about the body's origin. Selfless Fantasy
Kill Command	2016	5.0	5.0	In the near future, society has become completely dependent on technology and man is forced to confront killer machines. In this context, a specialized unit of the army is transferred to a remote island, where a training center is located. What for Captain Bukes and his close-knit team begins as a simple workout turns into a terrible battle for survival when the presence of an enemy is discovered on the island that transcends all human conception of evil.  Action & Adventure, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy On a remote island, elite soldiers discover their training exercise is actually an experimental death trap teeming with efficiently lethal robots. Kill Command Fantasy
Camp X-Ray	2014	6.4	6.0	A young woman joins military troops to do something important and leave her small town. But she was soon assigned as a guard at Guantanamo Bay. Surrounded by hostile jihadists and aggressive squad mates, she ends up making an unusual friendship with one of the detainees. By both struggling to find their own path, they will form an unlikely bond that will change them forever.  Dramas, Independent Movies Fresh Army recruit Amy Cole is assigned to Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray, where she forms a surprising bond with one of the prisoners in her charge. Camp X-Ray Drama
Life After Beth	2014	6.33	5.0	Zach is devastated by the sudden death of his fiancée Beth. But when she mysteriously returns to him, Zach has a second chance to show her all his love. Soon his entire world will be turned upside down.  Comedies, Horror Movies, Independent Movies Following the death of his beloved girlfriend, Beth, Zach is first shattered and then overjoyed when she inexplicably comes back to life. Life After Beth Comedy
The Signal	2014	5.71	6.0	Three college students go missing under mysterious circumstances while tracking down a hacker in the Southwest.  Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers During their drive across the country, college pals Nick and Jonah – accompanied by Nick's girlfriend – run into major trouble in the Nevada desert. The Signal Fantasy
The One I Love	2014	6.5	6.0	Ethan and Sophie are a married couple on the brink of separation. On the advice of their therapist, they decide to treat themselves to a holiday weekend in an attempt to save their relationship. What begins as a weekend of tranquility and relaxation soon turns into a bizarre experience that forces the two to reflect on the complexity of their bond. Over the course of a few days, Ethan and Sophie will work diligently to rediscover the best sides of both and overcome the unexpected that will arise when everything they believed to be real becomes more and more surreal.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Confronted with the potential end of their marriage, Ethan and Sophie take off for a weekend together, hoping to negotiate their future. The One I Love Comedy
Imperial Dreams	2014		7.0	A 21-year-old gangster, just released from prison, sees his devotion to family and his future put to the test when, now at large, he retraces his old footsteps in Watts, a Los Angeles district.  Dramas A young father returns home from jail eager to care for his son and become a writer, but crime, poverty and a flawed system threaten his plans. Imperial Dreams Drama
Obvious Child	2014	6.0	5.0	Donna Stern, a Brooklyn comedian, suddenly finds herself dumped, fired, and moreover pregnant. As if that weren't enough, it all happens close to what could become the worst or best Valentine's Day of his life.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies After being fired from her job and dumped by her cheating boyfriend, a comedian has a one-night stand. Weeks later, she finds out she's pregnant. Obvious Child Comedy
Earth to Echo	2014		1.0	After a new construction project is started in their neighborhood, friends Tuck, Munch and Alex inexplicably start getting weird coded messages on their cell phones. Convinced that something big is happening, they warn parents and authorities but all refuse to take them seriously. The three friends then decide to figure out for themselves what lies behind the code, discovering that a mysterious being from another world needs their help.  Children & Family Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When a construction project begins in their neighborhood, four friends start receiving bizarre encoded text messages on their cell phones. Earth to Echo Fantasy
Stereo	2014		5.0	Erik has a motorcycle repair shop in a small, quiet town. Everything in his life seems to go smoothly and the relationship with his new girlfriend Julia makes him happy. Even the little daughter Linda feels at ease until the day when the arrival of the mysterious Henry breaks all idylls. Erik attempts to get rid of Henry but fails, when the threat of a gangster who endangers Julia's life forces him to try to trust the enemy.  International Movies, Thrillers Erik's peaceful rural family life is shaken by the arrival of sinister figures who claim to know him and a mysterious ""friend"" who may not even exist. Stereo Thriller
Tusk	2014	6.08	7.0	Journalist and host Wallace Bryton (Justin Long) goes missing in the forests of Manitoba while interviewing Mr. Howe (Michael Parks), a mysterious adventurer with incredible stories and a curious fondness for walruses. Colleague and co-host Teddy Craft (Haley Joel Osment) then decides to track him down, teaming up for research with Allison (Genesis Rodriguez), Wallace's girlfriend.  Horror Movies When a wise-guy podcaster interviews a disabled seafarer, he decides to embark on a transformational quest to track down a dangerous walrus-monster. Tusk Horror
Slow West	2015	7.11	7.0	In the late 19th century, 17-year-old Jay Cavendish (Kodi Smit-McPhee) travels from Scotland to Colorado to reunite with the woman he has fallen in love with. Soon finding himself facing the dangers of the frontier, Jay teams up with a mysterious traveler named Silas (Michael Fassbender), who agrees to protect him in exchange for cash. Along the way, Jay will realize that America, full of pitfalls, double-crosses and violence, is not the ideal place for the innocent. Grand Jury Prize for Best Foreign Film at Sundance 2015. Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies Determined to find the woman he loves, a Scottish teenager braves the Western frontier of 19th-century America, with bounty hunters hot on his trail. Slow West Western
The Hundred-Foot Journey	2014	5.67	6.0	In France, the influential and respected chef Mallory (Helen Mirren) is increasingly concerned about the proximity to her restaurant of a small Indian bistro, a competitor who could steal her customers. By starting a war against the Indians and their local, Mallory will discover the extraordinary talent of the very young Hassan. Gradually, abandoning the initial hostilities, the two will become friends and Mallory will guide him in the knowledge of refined French cuisine. Traditions and social classes collide, merging chaotically with a magical drunkenness that also melts Helen Mirren's technique, letting the pleasure of the game prevail over the profession. The family group in an interior is Happy Birthday Mr. Grape, Hachiko waits - Your best friend. Hallström has no more brakes here; let the characters fly, even with the background of the starry sky. Adapted from a book by Richard C. Morais. Comedies, Dramas A chef and his family leave India to open an eatery in the south of France, where they clash with the haughty restaurateur across the street. The Hundred-Foot Journey Comedy
Creep	2014	7.0	6.0	Looking for a job, videographer Aaron stumbles upon a cryptic online ad offering $ 1,000 for a day of filming. Short of money and with the ingenuity that sets him apart, Aaron reaches the house of Josef, the film subject to be filmed, in a remote mountain area. On the surface, Josef seems sincere and nothing suggests what a surprise he will have for Aaron the rest of the day.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies, Thrillers When a cash-strapped videographer takes a job in a remote mountain town, he finds that the client has some unsettling ideas in mind. Creep Comedy
Moonwalkers	2015	6.33	6.0	In July 1969 Tom Kidman, a CIA special agent, is sent to London to find Stanley Kubrick and convince him to shoot a fake moon landing in case the Apollo mission fails. Tom, however, does not find Kubrick but Johnny, the nightmare manager of a rock band. The two, while absolutely different, have no choice but to work together to accomplish their mission and create the greatest scam of all time.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, International Movies A brain-addled war vet, a failing band manager and a Stanley Kubrick impersonator help the CIA construct an epic scam by faking the 1969 moon landing. Moonwalkers Comedy
The Theory of Everything	2014	5.57	6.0	The life story of Stephen Hawking (Eddie Redmayne), a scientist suffering from progressive muscle atrophy and an important figure in the study of black holes, cosmology and the general theory of relativity, and his relationship with his wife Jane (Felicity Jones). Unexpectedly - considering that James Marsh, in addition to the acclaimed docs Man on Wire and Project Nim, has signed the beautiful Double Game - The theory of everything runs on the tracks of the more conventional biopic, mitigating the blatant attempts to tear tears with a widespread very British modesty , focusing mainly on the relationship between Stephen and his first wife Jane - and the principle would be laudable too, if the result did not soon plunge us into an overused pattern of sentimental jealousies & regrets. Irony at the minimum, but many slow motion and montages in music, the sunset light falling on the sugar and perhaps the desire, for some spectators, to run to see each other again The fabulous young man. Dramas, Romantic Movies As his esteem grows in the world of physics, Stephen Hawking's body is ravaged by ALS, forcing his increasing dependence on his devoted wife, Jane. The Theory of Everything Biography
Ex Machina	2015	7.45	7.0	Caleb (Domhnall Gleeson), a 24-year-old programmer for the world's largest internet company, wins a competition to spend a week in the mountain hut owned by Nathan (Oscar Isaac), the company's lone CEO. When he arrives in the remote location, Caleb discovers that he must take part in a strange and fascinating experiment, in which he must interact with the first true artificial intelligence housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl. Ex Machina has an excellent cast on its side and is very effective in building tension, in not revealing its cards immediately, in short, in modeling the thriller plot by exploiting the claustrophobia of the interiors and the evoked agoraphobia of the exteriors. More than an interesting albeit casual analogy with Bennett Miller's Foxcatcher: Ex Machina, after all, is another ""American history"". Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A coder at a tech company wins a week-long retreat at the compound of his company's CEO, where he's tasked with testing a new artificial intelligence. Ex Machina Fantasy
Barely Lethal	2015	5.0	4.0	Megan Walsh (Hailee Steinfeld) is a teenager trained from childhood to become a spy and ruthless killer at Prescott School, a top secret government agency run by Maxwell Hardman (Samuel L. Jackson). During an espionage operation, aimed at capturing the arms dealer Victoria Knox (Jessica Alba), Megan loses contact with her team and driven by the desire for a normal adolescence, she simulates her own death to register, from there to little, as a student in an American high school. He will quickly learn that surviving high school can be more difficult than an international espionage operation.  Action & Adventure, Comedies A girl raised to be a government assassin just wants to be a normal teen – so she runs away and pretends to be a high school exchange student. Barely Lethal Action
The Prince	2014	3.33	4.0	Paul Brennan (Jason Patric), a widowed mechanic and father of two, discovers that college daughter Beth (Gia Mantegna) hasn't cashed her latest check. Worried about this, he decides to join her and discovers that the girl has gone missing in Las Vegas, the last place in the world Paul would like to go. Arriving in the city of sin, Paul will be forced to confront his past and with the gangster Omar (Bruce Willis), the one who killed his daughter in 1993 and permanently scarred the face.  Action & Adventure A former Mafia hit man living quietly as a mechanic veers back into his old world after his daughter is abducted and faces an old foe in New Orleans. The Prince Action
Mission Blue	2014		8.0	Sylvia Earle, oceanographer, marine biologist, conservationist and National Geographic journalist, launches a worldwide campaign to create a network of protected marine reserves.  Documentaries This documentary follows oceanographer Sylvia Earle's campaign to save the world's oceans from threats such as overfishing and toxic waste. Mission Blue Documentary
As Above, So Below	2014	6.4	5.0	Kilometers of tunnels and passages unfold under the streets of Paris, the eternal home of countless souls. When a team of explorers ventures into this unexplored labyrinth, studded with bones and human remains, they discover the secret that the city of the dead has kept for centuries. Thus begins for the explorers a journey into madness and terror, which touches the depths of the human psyche to reveal personal demons never faced. Between cultural-archaeological puzzles and labyrinths, secret doors and hidden treasures, this filmed role-playing game disappoints in the script, only to redeem itself thanks to a minimalist aesthetic that elects darkness as a primary element and adopts the documentary as the only linguistic reference. Necropolis stripping away action and staging to find fear, naked and pure, in symbolic shots of elementary power. Horror Movies, Thrillers A beautiful tomb raider and her crew hunt for treasure in the catacombs of Paris and find themselves in a hellish underworld. As Above, So Below Thriller
The Water Diviner	2014	5.31	6.0	Immediately after the battle of Gallipoli, held in Turkey during the First World War, the Australian farmer Connor decides to go to Istanbul to find out what became of his children, who were reported missing in the field. As his relationship begins with the beautiful Turkish woman who runs his hotel, Connor clings to the hope of finding his boys alive and with the help of a Turkish officer begins a journey across the country to uncover the truth.  Dramas, International Movies Years after the presumed death of his three sons in battle, a grieving farmer journeys to Turkey to find them and return them to their homeland. The Water Diviner Drama
A Most Violent Year	2014	6.76	6.0	In New York during the winter of 1981, one of the most statistically violent years in the history of the city, an immigrant and his family attempt to expand their business and take advantage of the opportunities presented to them. The spread of violence, decay and corruption will drag them into a vortex that risks destroying everything they have built up to that point.  Dramas, Thrillers Abel Morales tries to avoid corruption's easy path as he pursues the American Dream amid an increasingly violent business war in 1981 New York City. A Most Violent Year Thriller
Man Up	2015		5.0	Nancy, 34, still single and tired of the numerous appointments made by her well-meaning but incapable friends, travels to London to attend yet another wedding anniversary for her parents. In the English capital, however, she runs into Jack, a forty-year-old who mistakes her for the twenty-four-year-old she has a blind date with. In a moment of lighthearted but insane optimism, Nancy decides to go out with him, heading for a hilarious night that neither of them will be able to forget.  Comedies, International Movies, Romantic Movies A single woman seizes an opportunity when, while standing under a train station clock, she meets a stranger who mistakes her for his blind date. Man Up Comedy
The Lobster	2015	7.0	7.0	In a dystopian future, single people are arrested, transferred to a hotel and forced to find a mate within 45 days due to existing laws. If this does not happen, singles are transformed into an animal of their choice and abandoned in the forests. In this context, a desperate man escapes from the hotel and takes refuge in the woods, where the Loners live, and falls in love, breaking every rule. Yorgos Lanthimos lives and works in England, continues to write with his trusted collaborator Efthimis Filippou, and reflects in another language on the atrophy of feelings, which soon leads to the eclipse of reason and monstrosity, here almost medieval. Comedies, International Movies, Romantic Movies In a near-future world, single people are hunted and forced to find mates within 45 days, or be turned into animals and banished to the wilderness. The Lobster Fantasy
Backtrack	2015	4.67	5.0	The life of psychologist Peter Bowers is thrown into turmoil when the man discovers that his patients are nothing more than the ghosts of people who died in an accident twenty years ago. Fearing that he will lose his sanity, Peter decides to return to his hometown, where a terrible truth awaits him that only he can face.  Dramas, Thrillers Haunted by visions of the dead, psychologist Peter returns home to confront a long-ago trauma. But will the trip exorcise or embolden the ghosts? Backtrack Thriller
5 Flights Up	2014	6.4	6.0	Young painter Alex Carver bought a rundown, two-bedroom apartment in the Brooklyn suburbs of New York for him and his wife Ruth. After 40 years, the neighborhood has become fashionable and their little apartment is worth a small fortune. Ruth (Diane Keaton), now a retired teacher, and Alex (Morgan Freeman) who still paints, are always as in love as on the first day. They allow Ruth's granddaughter, real estate agent Lily (Cynthia Nixon), to put their house up for sale to see what they can get out of it. Facing the unexpected and a bizarre group of would-be buyers, Ruth and Alex begin to wonder if their lives should be drastically changed. This Ruth & Alex (actually based on a novel) could also be a theatrical piece, set in a few rooms and some fleeting New York exterior, a bourgeois comedy with calm tones that, in the sly subtraction tests by Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman, it seems to make fun of the rhythms and cynicism of certain contemporary cinema. Embodied by the hyperkinetic niece Cynthia Nixon, who is entrusted with the sale of her beloved apartment and the search for a new home. In the real estate frenzy, husband and wife devoted to each other seem impermeable and ironically disinterested. There is no drama, there is no climax, in the quiet unfolding of their certainties, which are all between the four walls where they have always lived, where perhaps they want to die. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A couple finds unexpected drama when, after 40 years of living in the same Brooklyn walk-up, they attempt to sell their apartment and buy a new one. 5 Flights Up Drama
Before I Wake	2016	5.45	6.0	Jessie and Mark lose their only child and to try to overcome the pain they take with them the little Cody, who was orphaned following the death of his mother. Loving like all children, however, Cody does not like to sleep: every time he falls asleep, his dreams and nightmares take shape and manifest themselves physically, bringing with them false hopes and demonic presences.  Horror Movies, Thrillers Still mourning the death of their son, Mark and Jessie welcome foster child Cody into their lives. Soon they discover he has a strange ability. Before I Wake Horror
5 to 7	2014	6.0	6.0	Young wannabe fictional Brian (Anton Yelchin) meets Arielle (Bérénice Marlohe), the sophisticated wife of a French diplomat. The two soon begin a relationship that may only have occurred in the woman's few hours of clandestine freedom, a relationship that will lead Brian to revise traditional American ideas about love and relationships.  Comedies, Dramas, Romantic Movies A young novelist's life is turned upside down when a chance encounter outside a New York hotel leads to an intense affair with a diplomat's wife. 5 to 7 Comedy
Virunga	2014		7.0	Virunga is the oldest national park in Africa, a Unesco world heritage site and the last natural habitat of mountain gorillas. All this, however, does not stop the commercial interests and the insurrections of the rebels who live at the gates of the park.  Documentaries, International Movies The Oscar-nominated true story of the rangers risking their lives to save Africa's most precious national park and its endangered gorillas. Virunga Documentary
Suffragette	2015	5.91	6.0	Maud (Carey Mulligan) is a suffragette and as such is part of one of the first feminist movements in history, committed to claiming the same rights for women as men against an increasingly brutal state. Without being primarily women of the more educated classes, suffragettes were mostly workers who had seen their peaceful protests fail and who had decided to use all means at their disposal to defend their dignity, their jobs, their homes, their children and their own lives.  Dramas, International Movies At the beginning of the 20th century, circumstances drive a young, idealistic suffragette to find radical approaches to fighting male oppression. Suffragette Drama
Big Time Movie	2012		4.0	Kendall, James, Carlos and Logan stop over in London for their first major world tour. Due to an exchange of baggage at the airport, however, they inadvertently come into possession of a device that could destroy the planet and from that moment on they are involved in an adventurous mission to save the world.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies Big Time Rush heads to London for their first world tour, but when the boys' bags are switched, they get mixed up in a mission to save the world. Big Time Movie Comedy
Tezz	2012		4.0	In revenge for his past, Aakash Rana places a bomb on a train, endangering the lives of 500 passengers traveling from Glasgow to London.  Action & Adventure, International Movies, Music & Musicals This high-octane thriller tells the story of a man on a mission to reclaim what was taken from him and the agent who's determined to stop him. Tezz Action
Good Kill	2014	4.9	6.0	The story of a fighter pilot who became a drone pilot who fights against the Taliban daily for twelve hours before returning home to his wife and children. Over time, the man begins to ask himself several ethical questions about his occupation: is he creating more terrorists than he is killing? And is he fighting a war that will never end?  Dramas As Tommy Egan pilots armed drones over Afghanistan from the safe comfort of Las Vegas, the remote nature of his work begins to raise moral questions. Good Kill Drama
Last Knights	2015	4.0	5.0	Raiden, commander of the knights, is honored to be named heir to Bartok, his childless lord. His happiness is destroyed, however, when Mott, the emperor's evil emissary, forces him to behead his father in law and drives him out of the castle, depriving him of all title and means of subsistence. As the paranoid Mott attempts to erase all traces of Bartok's clan and legacy, Raiden will be forced to organize a daring plan of revenge.  Action & Adventure A nobleman who values his people's well-being over his emperor's edicts is killed. His knights vow revenge. Last Knights Action
Zapped	2014		3.0	Zoey Stevens, a 16-year-old student and seasoned ballerina, is trying to fit into a new school and dance group when she's forced to contend with a new stepfather, three boisterous half-siblings, and an unruly dog. Things will improve for Zoey when a dog training app on her smartphone starts monitoring all the males around her.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies A girl discovers a dog-training app that can get boys to obey her every command. But she soon learns that it isn't the cure-all she had hoped for. Zapped Fantasy
Beasts of No Nation	2015	6.33	7.0	Young Agu is enlisted by guerrillas from his West African country when a bloody civil war breaks out. Tormented by the death of his father at the hands of the militants, Agu is vulnerable to the dangerous but fatherly figure of the group commander. As the conflict flares up, it will move further and further away from the previous life. Adaptation of the novel of the same name by Uzodinma Iweala. Dramas, Independent Movies When civil war tears his family apart, a young West African boy is forced to join a unit of mercenary fighters and transform into a child soldier. Beasts of No Nation Drama
The End of the Tour	2015	5.0	6.0	Journalist David Lipsky (Jesse Eisenberg) accompanies writer David Foster Wallace (Jason Segel) on the US-wide promotion tour of the novel Infinite Jest.  Dramas, Independent Movies Rolling Stone"" reporter David Lipsky shadows famed writer David Foster Wallace in this fictionalized account of their revealing five-day encounter. The End of the Tour Drama
The Look of Silence	2014	7.9	7.0	Indonesia: between 1965 and 1966, General Suharto takes power and initiates one of the bloodiest purges in history. With the complicity and support of the Indonesian army, para-military groups massacre over a million people, including communists, ethnic minorities and political opponents. Born in 1968, Adi never met his brother, mutilated and brutally killed by some members of the Komando Aksi in the Silk River massacre. However, he will come to meet and discuss with those responsible for that atrocious crime, on a path that has as its goal that of all the great journeys: the search and affirmation of the truth. Oppenheimer, in this march of hypocrisy, in this counterpoint of The Act of Killing, follows Adi, brother of a man wounded by those anti-communist purges, barely survived and then grimly murdered, and accompanies him on a visit to the ancient their families. Adi is astonished. Oppenheimer records. And in this comparison, better than in a thousand words, one reads clearly on the bodies, in the gestures, how History acts, perjures and mystifies. Documentaries, International Movies In a society terrorized into silence, the brother of a 1960s Indonesian genocide victim learns the identity of his murderers and confronts them. The Look of Silence Documentary
The Sea of Trees	2015	6.13	6.0	Arthur Brennan (Matthew McConaughey) goes on an excursion to Aokigahara, a place better known as ""the sea of ??trees"", a mysterious and dense forest at the base of Mount Fuji in Japan where people go to reflect on life and death. After finding the right place to die, Arthur meets Takumi Nakamura (Ken Watanabe), a Japanese who like him has lost his way. The two men begin a journey of reflection and survival together, which will revive Arthur's desire to live and get closer to his wife (Naomi Watts).  Dramas A brooding American unable to cope with personal crisis travels to ""suicide forest"" near Mount Fuji, where he meets a fellow lost wanderer. The Sea of Trees Drama
Backcountry	2014	6.22	6.0	Alex is an experienced hiker while Jenn, a corporate attorney, is not for nothing. After many doubts, she agrees to accompany him on a journey into the depths of a forest, a popular destination for excursions. After a mysterious encounter with the enigmatic Brad, they decide to go into the woods and get lost on the third day of the journey. With neither food nor water, they will struggle to find their way back, pushing their relationship beyond all limits and realizing that they have entered the territory of a ferocious bear.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies, Thrillers A weekend hike for urbanites Alex and Jenn takes a dangerous turn when they become lost deep in the remote territory of a menacing bear. Backcountry Drama
Queen of the Desert	2015	6.0	6.0	Chronicle of the life of Gertrude Bell, traveler, writer, archaeologist, explorer, cartographer and ambassador of the British Empire at the dawn of the 20th century.  Dramas Driven beyond the bounds of convention, adventurer Gertrude Bell leaves turn-of-the-century Britain behind for the deserts of the Middle East. Queen of the Desert Biography
Dukhtar	2014	5.5	8.0	In the mountains of northern Pakistan, a struggle has been going on for some time between the two tribes led by Daulat Khan and Tor Gul, who decide to agree on a truce. The only way to end the conflict is to marry the mature Tor Gul Zainab, the daughter of Daulat, who is only ten years old. The deal is made but Allah Rakhi, the child's mother, soon realizes that her Zainab will face the same bad fate that she also experienced as a young girl. He decides to make a dangerous decision and flees on his wedding day with his daughter, chased by a swarm of murderers sent by the two tribal leaders.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A young mother embarks on a desperate quest for freedom when she kidnaps her 10-year-old daughter to save her from a tribal marriage. Dukhtar Thriller
Results	2015	6.0	4.0	Trevor (Guy Pearce) and Kat (Cobie Smulders), two personal trainers, become interested in each other thanks to the intercessions and actions of Danny (Kevin Corrigan), a new rich client.  Comedies, Independent Movies After an ugly divorce, a wealthy but unhappy man trains at a local gym and develops a strange relationship with the owner and a captivating trainer. Results Romantic
Equals	2015	6.4	6.0	In a future world devoid of greed, poverty, violence and feelings, a new disease threatens to awaken dormant emotions, instilling love, depression, sensitivity, and fear in those affected, before being swiftly removed from society and never seen again. In this context, the young Nia and Silas will experience the dilemmas generated by a forbidden relationship on their skin.  Dramas, Romantic Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Two young lovers depart from the norm simply by having romantic feelings for each other in a society where humans have been relieved of all emotions. Equals Drama
Cop Car	2015	6.11	6.0	Two ten-year-old children discover an abandoned police car in a field. When they take her for a little fun, they don't know that a small town sheriff will soon be on their trail to take back the car and what it hides in the trunk, finding himself at the center of a dangerous game of cat and mouse. .  Thrillers Two mischievous boys get thrust into a game of cat and mouse with a murderous psychopath after they decide to steal a police officer’s cruiser. Cop Car Thriller
Chappie	2015	5.77	6.0	In the near future, crime is controlled by an oppressive mechanical police force, by androids that no one can interfere with. But when Chappie, one of them, is stolen and reprogrammed, we witness the birth of the first robot able to think and decide independently. In him, some destructive forces see a danger for the whole of humanity and for the social order to be destroyed before it is too late. Robust and energetic cinema that knows how to entertain, but also to irritate. Humandroid is a centrifugal work where everything and everyone is thrown into the cauldron: the theme of consciousness as tangible matter, socialization to violence, the humanism of the machine, immortality. The references, thematic and aesthetic, are obviously multiple, ups and downs: from the most obvious RoboCop, Short Circuit, Il tagliaerbe to the exploitation scenarios of Class 1999 and Hobo with a Shotgun. There is a lack of thought, direction, an idea of ??cinema. Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In a futuristic society where a robot police force keeps crime at bay, a lone droid gains the power of artificial intelligence. Chappie Fantasy
Sleeping with Other People	2015		5.0	After making love together for the first time on a wild night in college, Lainey and Jake separate. Their paths cross again years later and they both realize that that debauched evening has had drastic effects on their respective sex lives: while Jake has become a womanizer, Lainey is always stuck with the wrong person. Despite trying to curb their longing for each other, Lainey and Jake soon realize that their explosive chemistry could be the answer to all their problems if only they could stop sleeping with other people.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Many years after hooking up in college, two people cross paths and realize they are both serial philanderers who need each other's help to reform. Sleeping with Other People Comedy
Remember	2015	6.32	7.0	Elder Zev, who is slowly losing his memory due to Alzheimer's disease, and his best friend Max make a pact to spend their last days solving an unfinished business: track down the Nazi commander responsible for the deaths of their families. and demand revenge. Because Max is too frail to leave the retirement home, Zev is forced to embark alone on the journey that will lead him in the presence of their former tormentor. But when his research comes to an end, he will discover a shocking truth.  Action & Adventure, Dramas Following the written instructions of his friend, senile Zev crosses the country to find and murder the Nazi who killed their families in Auschwitz. Remember Thriller
Get Santa	2014		5.0	Steve Anderson hasn't always been the perfect father. After all, it is impossible to be when you are in prison for driving the car that was used for an attempt to steal jewelry. After serving his sentence, Steve returns to freedom just before Christmas and thus has the opportunity to reestablish a bond with his son Tom after three years away. One night, Steve gets a call from Tom: an old man who claims to be Santa Claus is in his garage and says he crashed his sleigh, lost his reindeer and therefore needs help getting home. As if that weren't enough, Santa Claus himself is arrested shortly after for a failed attempt to regain possession of his animals. Although reluctant, Steve then decides to run to his rescue and leave with his son in search of a solution to save the looming holidays in time.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies When Santa gets arrested for trespassing after crashing his sleigh, it's up to a father-son team to spring him from jail and save Christmas. Get Santa Comedy
Green Room	2015	6.38	6.0	Ain't Rights, a punk band made up of four musicians, are engaged in the last stages of a failed tour when they find more than they bargained for from a last-minute concert in a secluded spot in wild Oregon. After witnessing a crime scene, the four are trapped in a backstage room in the throes of a gang of ruthless white supremacists intent on eliminating all witnesses. Clinging to their unique strengths and ingenuity, they will prove to be a very diverse group capable of fighting for their own survival.  Horror Movies, Thrillers At the end of their low-budget tour, a punk band accepts a gig at an isolated rural club, only to discover that their hosts are neo-Nazis. Green Room Thriller
The Duel	2016	6.5	5.0	Texas, 1887. Abraham Brant, known to all as ""the preacher,"" has an extraordinary hold on all the inhabitants of Mount Hermon, a frontier town, despite stories of war, killings and unexplained events follow him. Not far from the isolated location, a string of corpses begins to appear on the banks of the Rio Grande and, to understand their origin, the ranger David Kingston arrives with his wife Marisol at Monte Hermon. By a strange twist of fate, David recognizes Abraham as the one who, as a child, saw his father killed in a bloody duel. Torn between following the law or his own need for revenge, Kingston will soon discover that nothing about Abraham, Mount Hermon and the murders is what it seems.  Dramas In 1866, a Texas Ranger investigates some suspicious deaths in a town ruled by a religious despot whose past contains a disturbing link to his own. The Duel Drama
Room	2015	6.92	7.0	Jack is a five-year-old who grew up in a room in a 3 by 3 meter shed, which he believes is the whole world. But what happens when his mother, kidnapped as a teenager ten years ago, suddenly tells him that there is much more outside the walls of the room? Based on a book by Emma Donoghue. Dramas, Independent Movies Kidnapped, confined to a tiny room and raped, a young woman gives birth to a son. When he reaches his fifth birthday, she begins plotting an escape. Room Drama
Mississippi Grind	2015	6.0	6.0	Disgraced and forced to face economic hardship, Gerry teams up with a charismatic poker player named Curtis in an attempt to change his fate. Together, the two set out on a journey across the southern United States in hopes of getting back what they lost.  Dramas, Independent Movies A gambler mired in debt thinks another cardsharp may just be his good luck charm as the two head for New Orleans to buy into a high-stakes poker game. Mississippi Grind Drama
Sinister 2	2015	5.5	5.0	Deputy Sheriff So-and-So is investigating the serial killings that late friend Ellison Oswalt failed to solve. The investigation takes him to a farmhouse where he meets a new family consisting of Courteney Collins, who with their twin sons Zach and Dylan are on the run from an abusive husband and father. The three have found refuge on an uninhabited farm with a dark past, ready to return to the surface when the twins, unbeknownst to their mother, find a series of home movies and meet the ghost children protagonists. The narrative procedures are identical to those of the first chapter but this time the dialogues are inadmissible. The fear is always proposed in the third time and the restlessness is known from what has been acquired in Sinister. Some accelerations in the shoulder room are out of register no less than the lank triangle mother / violent father / peaceful lover good only for lengthening the minutes. The saga syndrome strikes again. Too bad, because there is real quality in a Bavarian sequence. Horror Movies A single mother and her twin sons move into a rural house, unaware of its history of being inhabited by an evil spirit that preys upon young children. Sinister 2 Horror
Arès	2016	7.0	6.0	In an indefinite future baptized ""Tomorrow"", the world order has changed. With its ten million unemployed, France is now one of the poor countries. Its population oscillates between revolt and resignation and finds an outlet in ultra-violent televised battles in which the wrestlers are doped in all legality. Pharmaceutical groups have stables of samples that take advantage of the latest in the field. Arès, on the other hand, is not a champion: if anything, he is a fighter at the end of the race who needs money to get his sister out of prison. His coach then offers him an experimental drug destined to win all of his next matches if he survives the injections. Arès agrees to be the guinea pig but it is only the beginning of the manipulation.  Action & Adventure, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy A futuristic France tries to keep its people from despair and rebellion over crippling poverty by engaging them with a violent TV competition show. Arès Fantasy
Suburra	2015	7.31	7.0	A gangster known as the ""Samurai"" wants to transform the waterfront of a small town near Rome into a new Atlantic City. A corrupt politician, fond of young prostitutes and cocaine, protects him with the help of a powerful cardinal. All the bosses of the local mafia agreed to collaborate for this common goal. Peace, however, cannot last long and a fierce war between rival gangs will undermine the Samurai's dream. Inspired by the novel of the same name by Carlo Bonini and Giancarlo de Cataldo, the film is according to the director's intentions ""a gangster movie that reflects the end of an era, of a political world and a criminal world that is becoming something else but does not know still good thing and then it agitates with bloody strokes of the tail waiting for a new order. A leaden noir that does not lack shortcuts and excesses of solemnity, but is animated by a luxuriant energy and the desire to surprise. Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers A grueling battle over turning a seaside town near Rome into a gambling paradise exposes criminal rivalries and endemic corruption on a grand scale. Suburra Drama
The Witch	2015	7.67	7.0	New England, 17th century. William and Katherine lead a devoted Christian life with their five children in an area on the edge of the impassable desert. When their newborn son vanishes and the harvest spoils, the family begins to disintegrate and everyone ends up hitting each other. The real danger, however, is the supernatural evil that lurks in the nearby forest.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies Believing that a witch has cursed their family, pilgrims homesteading on the edge of a primeval New England forest become increasingly paranoid. The Witch Horror
The Stanford Prison Experiment	2015	6.8	6.0	Twenty-four out of seventy-five male students are chosen for a role-playing game that will randomly turn them into guards and prisoners inside a mock prison, located in the basement of the psychology building at Stanford. Based on the social experiment conducted in 1971 by Doctor Philip Zimbardo. Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers Conducting a study on the psychology of incarceration, a Stanford professor assigns guard and prisoner roles to 24 male test subjects in a mock jail. The Stanford Prison Experiment Drama
Advantageous	2015		6.0	In a city of the near future where a surge of opulence overshadows economic difficulties, Gwen and her daughter Jules go to great lengths to keep their joy intact, even in the face of the instability that affects their world.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In order to keep her job at a biomedical engineering firm that prizes youth, a middle-aged woman must submit to a drastic experimental procedure. Advantageous Drama
I Am Michael	2015		5.0	The true and controversial story of Michael Glatze, a gay activist who denies his homosexuality and becomes a Christian pastor.  Dramas, LGBTQ Movies Gay activist Michael Glatze begins a painful journey when he decides to renounce his sexuality for his religion in this drama based on true story. I Am Michael Biography
I'll See You in My Dreams	2015	6.0	6.0	A sudden loss disrupts Carol's orderly existence, propelling her into the dating world for the first time in twenty years. Finally anchored in the present, Carol will find herself catapulted into the center of two unexpected relationships, which will question what it means to grow old.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies After the passing of her dog, a long-widowed senior citizen is in need of companionship. Two very different possibilities present themselves. I'll See You in My Dreams Comedy
Barbie in Princess Power	2015	4.5	4.0	Kara is a modern princess struggling with a normal life. One day, after being kissed by a magical butterfly, Kara discovers she has incredible powers that allow her to transform into a super heroine and fight crime. Her cousin, envious of her, manages to capture the butterfly and transform herself into her perfect nemesis. Fate, however, will lead them to settle their differences and fight together against a common enemy for the salvation of their kingdom.  Children & Family Movies A princess with a predictable life finds herself transformed by a magical butterfly's kiss into Super Sparkle, a crime-fighting superhero. Barbie in Princess Power Animation
Hot Girls Wanted	2015		6.0	A closer look at the amateur porn and hot webcam industry, employing girls between 18 and 19 for the viewer's enjoyment.  Documentaries This 2015 Sundance Film Festival breakout documentary from producer Rashida Jones spotlights the ""amateur"" porn industry and the women it exploits. Hot Girls Wanted Documentary
What Happened, Miss Simone?	2015	7.0	8.0	Classically trained pianist, night club singer, Black Power icon and legendary artist, Nina Simone has lived a life of disarming honesty, musical genius and poignant melancholy. Thanks to recordings never released before and unpublished films, an unforgettable portrait of one of the least understood, although much loved, artists of the 20th century is built.  Documentaries, Music & Musicals Using never-before-heard recordings, rare archival footage and her best-known songs, this is the story of legendary singer and activist Nina Simone. What Happened, Miss Simone? Documentary
The Daughter	2015	7.0	8.0	Christian returns to the family home for his father Henry's wedding, finding his childhood friend Olivier. Getting to know Olivier's wife, daughter and father, Christian uncovers a secret that could destroy his friend's family. Furious at the faults that his father also has and struggling with his own broken marriage, he slowly slips into a state of indignation and anger that will upset everyone's lives.  Dramas Having returned home for his cagey father's wedding, an estranged man gets to know his childhood friend's family and uncovers a devastating secret. The Daughter Drama
Trespass Against Us	2016	5.57	6.0	For three generations the rowdy Cutler family lived as an outlaw in the countryside of Great Britain, making fun of wealthy local lords and authorities. Soon, however, Chad will end up being wedged between his father's archaic principles and his son's future good while all the forces of law are on his heels.  Dramas A man from a criminal family yearns to break away and find a better life, but his father's staunch opposition puts his dreams of freedom in jeopardy. Trespass Against Us Thriller
The Hateful Eight	2015	7.33	8.0	A few years after the American Civil War, a stagecoach makes its way through Wyoming's winter landscape. The passengers, bounty hunter John Ruth (Kurt Russell) and fugitive Daisy Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh), are headed for the city of Red Rock, where the man, better known as ""The Hangman"", will deliver the wanted to the justice. Along the way, they meet two strangers: Major Marquis Warren (Samuel L. Jackson), a black former Union soldier who became a notorious bounty hunter, and Chris Mannix (Walter Goggins), a southern renegade who claims to be the new sheriff of town. Due to a snowstorm, the four are welcomed at a mountain refuge, where there are not the owners waiting for them, but four faces they have never seen before. Bob (Demian Bichir), the one who takes care of the place in the absence of the owner visiting his mother, is holed up there with the executioner Oswaldo Mobray (Tim Roth), with the cowboy Joe Cage (Michael Madsen) and with the Confederate general Sanford Smithers (Bruce Dern). As the storm rages, the eight travelers will learn how their destination isn't so easy to reach. Between betrayals and deceptions, they will have to try to survive the situation.  Action & Adventure, Thrillers Years after the Civil War, a bounty hunter and his captive are waylaid by a Wyoming blizzard and hole up in a way station with six dicey strangers. The Hateful Eight Western
The Model	2016	7.0	5.0	Emma (Maria Palm), a supermodel struggling to enter the Parisian fashion scene, develops a fatal obsession with photographer Shane White (Ed Skrein).  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies Danish teen Emma moves to Paris hoping to become a top model, but her dreams soon unravel when her affair with photographer Shane turns obsessive. The Model Drama
The Invitation	2015	7.0	6.0	Will and Eden once loved each other. After tragically losing their son, Eden went missing before reappearing two years later, out of the blue, with a new husband. Totally different from before, Eden has strangely changed and plans to reconnect with Will and everyone she left behind. Over the course of a dinner in a house that was once his, the tormented Will becomes convinced that Eden and her new friends have a mysterious and terrifying plan in mind.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies, Thrillers A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions. The Invitation Thriller
Kidnapping Mr. Heineken	2015	5.0	6.0	In 1983, four childhood friends decide to land what would later be called the crime of the century. Their target is Freddy Heineken (Anthony Hopkins), heir to the beer empire and one of the richest men in the world. Cor van Hout (Jim Sturgess), leader of the group and great strategist, devises a bold plan to kidnap the billionaire and demand the biggest ransom ever paid for a hostage. Inspired by real events, the film is based on the book by journalist Peter R. de Vries. Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies When beer magnate Alfred ""Freddy"" Heineken is kidnapped in 1983, his abductors make the largest ransom demand in history. Kidnapping Mr. Heineken Action
Skin Trade	2014	4.0	5.0	After his family is exterminated by a Serbian boss belonging to a world-class criminal association, New York detective Nick travels to Southeast Asia. Here, he will have the opportunity to team up with a Thai detective to take revenge and destroy the criminal groups that deal with human trafficking.  Action & Adventure A New Jersey detective whose family was killed by an international gangster teams up with a Bangkok cop on a quest to bring down a criminal empire. Skin Trade Action
Love	2015	6.94	7.0	On the morning of January 1st, a telephone rings. Murphy, a 25-year-old boy, wakes up surrounded by his young wife and three-year-old son. Then he listens to the answering machine and finds a message from Electra's mother, asking about the daughter she hasn't seen in a long time and who fears something serious has happened. Over the course of a long, gray day, Murphy finds himself alone in his apartment and begins to remember his greatest two-year love affair with Electra: a loving passion made of promises, games and excesses, abruptly interrupted after trying. a three-way relationship.  Cult Movies, Dramas, Independent Movies A man in an unsatisfying marriage recalls the details of an intense past relationship with an ex-girlfriend when he gets word that she may be missing. Love Drama
Manson Family Vacation	2015		6.0	The life in Los Angeles of a man devoted to his family is turned upside down when his brother, whom he hasn't seen in some time, arrives in town to visit the infamous places where the Manson-related murders took place. The two brothers will travel from the Hollywood Hills to the Mojave Desert, reaching the world of Charles Manson.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies The pleasant family life of an L.A. attorney is disrupted by the sudden arrival of his brother, who is obsessed with the Charles Manson murders. Manson Family Vacation Comedy
The Confirmation	2016	5.67	6.0	An unfortunate carpenter gets a job that could transform his life forever when his irreplaceable toolbox is stolen. So he will have to track down the thieves, before the week is over, in the company of an unlikely companion: the young son who can't stand him.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A divorced handyman with a drinking problem bonds with his 8-year-old son when a search for his stolen toolbox leads to a series of misadventures. The Confirmation Comedy
Secret in Their Eyes	2015	5.23	6.0	A team of FBI investigators - comprised of Ray (Chiwetel Ejofor) and Jess (Julia Roberts) and their supervisor Claire (Nicole Kidman) - are suddenly torn apart when it is revealed that Jess's teenage daughter has been brutally and inexplicably murdered. Thirteen years later, after a search that has obsessively occupied his days, Ray uncovers a new clue that could lead to the resolution of the case. But no one is prepared for the shocking secret that will come to light. Based on the novel of the same name by Eduardo A. Sacheri and remake of the Argentine The secret of his eyes, Oscar 2009 as the best ""foreign"" film, replaces the narrative elements linked to Argentina (dictatorship and strategy of fear) with the anti-terrorist policies of United States post September 11 and proposes a difficult balance between noir, legal thriller and the sentimental register. Dramas, Thrillers A former FBI investigator reopens the haunting 13-year-old murder case of his colleague, only to uncover shocking truths hidden since then. Secret in Their Eyes Thriller
Cabin Fever	2016	6.0	4.0	A group of five newly graduated college students rent a house in the woods but gradually begin to fall victim to a gruesome virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the locals. As the virus spreads in the group, friends will see their true feelings and personalities come to the surface as they struggle for survival.  Horror Movies, Thrillers As a flesh-eating virus rips its way through a remote woodland cabin, the terrified teens vacationing inside wonder who'll fall victim next. Cabin Fever Horror
Revolt	2017		5.0	After a catastrophic alien invasion, in the war-torn African countryside, an American soldier and a French humanitarian aide team up to survive the situation. As they move in search of refuge, they will see their bond tested when the soldier discovers his true identity.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Following a devastating alien invasion, an American soldier and a French foreign aid worker attempt to find refuge in the Kenyan countryside. Revolt Fantasy
Standoff	2015	5.0	6.0	War veteran Carter Green lives alone in a country farmhouse where he mourns the death of his young son and the consequent failure of his marriage. Young Bird, on the other hand, is an orphan who has experienced the death of her parents. While at the cemetery on the anniversary of their death, Bird sees a professional killer killing a group of people. Terrified, she flees into the woods and, with the sadistic killer on her heels, finds refuge on Carter's farm.  Action & Adventure After witnessing an assassin's slaughter, a young girl holes up in a farmhouse with a suicidal vet, who must use wits and guts to fend off the killer. Standoff Thriller
After Porn Ends	2012	4.0	3.0	The off-screen life of America's most famous contemporary pornographic actors. What prompted them to pursue a career in hard? What happens when they leave that path to live an ordinary life? The frontal and biographical elements are functional to an interesting discourse on the rite of transition from the old pornographic industry to today's one, more accessible for the consumer and characterized by leaner productions. Among the interviewees there are very popular stars such as Ron Jeremy, Nina Hartley, Jenna Jameson, Amber Lynn, Michelle Lay and Paul Morrell. Although the basic assumption is noteworthy, the bundling of stories gets tired in the long run. Documentaries This documentary explores the careers of some of porn's top stars and examines their adjustment to ""normal"" society after leaving adult entertainment. After Porn Ends Documentary
Un plus une	2015	4.0	6.0	Antoine (Jean Dujardin) is similar to the heroes of the films he composed music for. With charm and success, he lives life with enthusiasm and lightness. When he leaves for India to work on a very original version of Romeo and Juliet, Antoine meets Anna (Elsa Zylberstein), a woman he doesn't love but who attracts him more than anything else. Together they will live an incredible adventure ...  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies A womanizing musician travels to India, where he composes a Bollywood film score and unexpectedly falls for the wife of the French ambassador. Un plus une Adventure
Belgica	2016	5.0	6.0	Jo and Frank are two brothers and, as often happens in families, they couldn't be different. Not very tall, thin and with more than a few problems, Jo is the younger of the two and has just opened Belgica, a bar in Ghent driven by a love of music. Frank, however, a father of a family and owner of a car dealership, leads a well-ordered and smooth life until the day he decides to join his brother in driving the bar. Thanks to the new adventure and the frenetic nightlife, Frank lives a second youth. Under the pressure of the two, the Belgica will become an essential place in a few weeks but Jo and Frank will slowly find themselves moving away from each other.  Dramas, International Movies Two brothers become partners in a modest nightclub and turn it into the hottest spot in town, but their exhilarating run of success comes at a price. Belgica Drama
Pants on Fire	2014		5.0	Jack Parker is a charming 15-year-old who has always been comfortable telling lies, especially the one inherent in Mikey, an underprivileged boy whom he says he tutors to avoid chores or homework and to explain any delay. or problem. Jack seems to have found a great solution but the real problems come when Mikey really shows up, risking to make him completely lose control of his world.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies Jealous girlfriends and aliens are just some of the things Jack lied about to become popular. Now the lies are coming to life and ruining everything. Pants on Fire Comedy
The Adderall Diaries	2015	5.0	5.0	Elliott, once a successful novelist, is struggling with writer's block and a heavy addiction to Adderall, a strong drug used to treat hyperactivity syndrome and narcolepsy. To distract himself and escape his problems, he struggles to delve into the case of a high-profile murder.  Dramas, Thrillers Author Stephen Elliott has a problem separating his own life from incidents in the life of a convicted murderer about whom he's writing a book. The Adderall Diaries Action
Mine	2016	5.33	6.0	Private Mike Stevens (Armie Hammer) is returning to base camp after a mission but inadvertently steps on a landmine. It can no longer move, otherwise it will blow up. Waiting for rescue for two days and two nights, he will have to survive not only the dangers of the desert but also the terrible psychological pressure of the anything but simple situation.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers When a Marine's mission goes awry, he must survive behind enemy lines – without stepping off a mine – among the harsh elements of a desert war zone. Mine Thriller
Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle	2018	6.5	6.0	Since childhood, Mowgli was raised by a pack of wolves in the heart of the Indian jungle. As he learns to survive the often harsh law of nature under the watchful gaze of the bear Baloo and the panther Bagheera, Mowgli is accepted as one of them by the other animals, with the exception of the terrifying tiger Shere Khan. But greater dangers await him as he faces his human origins.  Action & Adventure, Children & Family Movies, Dramas An orphaned boy raised by animals in the jungle seizes his destiny while confronting a dangerous enemy – and his own human origins. Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle Drama
King Jack	2015	7.0	9.0	Growing up in a small country town full of violent offenders, Jack has learned to do what it takes to survive, despite having a mother unaware of what's happening to him and no father. After his aunt falls ill and his younger cousin moves to live with him, 15-year-old Jack discovers the importance of friendship, family and the pursuit of happiness even in the most desolate of circumstances.  Dramas, Independent Movies Already coping with a bully, a mercurial older brother and summer school, 15-year-old Jack is saddled with his young cousin for an eventful weekend. King Jack Adventure
Amy	2015	6.4	7.0	The incredible story of Amy Winehouse, winner of six Grammy Awards who died of alcohol poisoning in July 2011 at the age of 27, is retraced through archive footage and previously unreleased track. A uniquely talented artist, Amy wrote and sang from the heart using her voice to analyze her problems honestly, revealing herself as one of the most original and beloved artists of the modern era. The success however brought excessive media attention to him, which combined with a difficult and precarious lifestyle contributed to his tragic demise. In Amy, the overabundance of unpublished material is almost bewildering: before the British star's existence became a daily scrutiny by photographers, journalists, fans and tabloids, there was a brunette girl who indulged in home cameras and lenses every day. cell phones of friends. The narrative proceeds linearly, chronologically, and we observe, almost too closely, the parable of a body that grows and changes, from banal to iconic, then consumed and unraveled. Despite the frantic investigation, Amy's mystery remains sealed. But perhaps, who knows how consciously, the film reveals a lot about us. Documentaries, International Movies, Music & Musicals Rare home videos and interviews with Amy Winehouse's inner circle offer an intimate look at her journey from charismatic teen to troubled star. Amy Documentary
Much Loved	2015	6.5	8.0	In modern Marrakech, Noha, Randa, Soukaina, Hlima and other women live a life of love for sale. They are prostitutes, objects of desire, shreds of flesh to be exposed to the extreme in exchange for the money that regulates the rhythms of pleasure and the humiliations inflicted on them. Full of joy and united by complicity, as dignified as they are free in their feminine universe, they overcome the violence of Moroccan society which exploits them and at the same time condemns them. Sex and the global economy in a series of powerful pictures of everyday hell, which Ayouch links through a didactic tale, tempted by the novel, but capable of defining characters with few traits and tenderly directed to a moral of solidarity among the last. Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies Four friends who make their living as prostitutes in Morocco deal with both the dangers and stigma that come with their profession. Much Loved Drama
Alone in Berlin	2016	5.6	6.0	Berlin, 1940. Otto and Anna Quangel, a couple from the German working class, receive terrible news: their only son lost his life in battle. The two then decide to fight the Nazi regime by starting a resistance campaign based on postcards against Hitler. Soon, the Gestapo will start hunting them down.  Dramas After learning of their son's death on the battlefield, a grieving Berlin couple embark on a quietly dangerous act of resistance against Adolf Hitler. Alone in Berlin Drama
Viceroy's House	2017	5.33	6.0	Viceroy's House in Delhi has long been the home of British governors in India. For six months in 1947, Lord Mountbatten assumed the post of last viceroy with the task of handing India back to its people. With his daughter and wife he lives on the upper floor of the building while over 500 Hindus, Muslim and Sikh servants live on the lower floors and in the courtyards. As the political elite gather in Mountbatten's chambers to decide the future of independent India, conflict erupts in the palace, with consequences that will extend far beyond the walls.  Dramas As viceroy Lord Mountbatten arrives in Delhi to oversee a transfer of power from Britain to India in 1947, war looms between religious factions. Viceroy's House Drama
Employee of the Month	2006		5.0	Zack, a slack warehouseman but beloved by his colleagues, competes with his company's model employee, whose only goal in life seems to be to win the monthly ""employee of the month"" award. He's already won the title 17 times in a row and would hit the record eighteenth if Zack didn't decide to get in the way to earn the attention of newcomer, Amy.  Comedies, Romantic Movies Warehouse workers Vince and Zack compete in a full-on war to be named Employee of the Month and win a date with their dream girl. Employee of the Month Comedy
Phantom Boy	2015	6.0	7.0	A mysterious disfigured gangster injures Alex, a police inspector who has started following him. Immobilized in the hospital, Alex becomes friends with Léo, an 11-year-old with the ability to get out of his body. Like a ghost, Léo becomes invisible to everyone, flies and passes through walls.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies A boy whose illness allows him to float outside his body uses his newfound skill to help a cop take on a madman who's terrorizing New York City. Phantom Boy Animation
Terra	2015	2.0	8.0	A mysterious cosmic force threatens to end life on Earth. Only a traveler from other worlds knows the fate of humanity. He leads us, as in a journey, through testimonies of the passage of man on Earth: ruins of the past and contemporary dimension, distant glories and technological news, space flights, lost beauties, ancient and present faces follow one another symphonically in the alternation of images documentaries, archival materials, vintage photos. And while men's dreams are altered, various stories intertwine, united in the expectation of a destiny that perhaps can still be changed.  Documentaries, International Movies This visually arresting documentary essay reflects on our relationship to other living creatures as humanity becomes more isolated from nature. Terra Drama
Band of Robbers	2015		6.0	When released from prison, Huck hopes to put his criminal past behind him. However, Tom, his lifelong friend and corrupt cop, has other plans: After forming a gang of thieves with a group of misfits, he plans to locate that hidden treasure they never found as kids. Taking up the characters created by Mark Twain, the two directors imagine Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, now adults, moving in today's world. Action & Adventure, Comedies, Independent Movies Recast as modern-day men, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn draft their misfit cronies to help find the buried treasure the two have sought since boyhood. Band of Robbers Adventure
The Runner	2015	5.0	4.0	Following the 2010 oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, an idealistic but flawed politician is forced to confront his dysfunctional existence after his career is destroyed by a sex scandal.  Dramas, Independent Movies A New Orleans politician finds his idealistic plans for rebuilding after a toxic oil spill unraveling thanks to a sex scandal. The Runner Drama
Holding the Man	2015	6.5	6.0	Timothy and John fall in love as teenagers, when they both go to a boys-only school. While John is the captain of the soccer team, Tim is an aspiring actor. Their love story lasts for over 15 years, during which they will face discrimination, times of happiness, hardship and turmoil. When they both discover they are HIV positive, they will be challenged to face their biggest battle. Inspired by the memoirs of Tim Conigrave. Dramas, International Movies, LGBTQ Movies In 1970s Australia, two teen boys fall in love with each other and defeat obstacles to their 15-year relationship, until a new crisis comes their way. Holding the Man Drama
The Eichmann Show	2015	7.0	6.0	#In 1961, the Nazi hierarch Adolf Eichmann was kidnapped in Argentina by Mossad agents and taken to Israel to be tried. The television producer Milton Fruchtman is convinced that the trial with the testimonies of the atrocities committed by the Germans should be broadcast to show the world the evils of the Shoah and to fight any attempt to revive the Nazi movement. Despite the death threats, Fruchtman joins forces with director Leo Hurwitz and, overcoming the reluctance of the TV networks and Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion, manages to bring the cameras to the courtroom.  Dramas, International Movies This is the astonishing true story behind a moment in TV history: the live 1961 broadcast of Nazi mass-murderer Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem. The Eichmann Show Drama
The Bad Batch	2016	6.14	5.0	Young Arlen is a ""bad lot"", one of thousands of Americans deemed unacceptable to society and unceremoniously dumped by the US government into hostile territory separated from the rest of civilization. As she wanders the desolate lands where she is in exile, Arlen is captured by a band of savage cannibals and soon realizes she must fight for her own safety.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers Banished to a wasteland of undesirables, a young woman struggles to find her feet among a drug-soaked desert society and an enclave of cannibals. The Bad Batch Fantasy
Barbie in Rock 'N Royals	2015	4.0	1.0	Princess Courtney is a young woman whose world is turned upside down when she swaps her place with that of Erika, a famous rock star. They will thus learn to adapt to the two different lifestyles and to find new friends. But when their respective universes seem to reach a breaking point, they will have to put their differences aside and come together for an epic event that will show how courage is needed to dream big. Wanting to be cinephiles, the film is ""An armchair for two"" dazed and updated to today's versions of the epic / sports story, aka the Step Up & Descendants dance film and the talent show on TV. To be serious is a branded entertainment product that can please only very small children, useful for launching the series of dolls in popstar clothes reassuring the parents: a revival of the imagination under the sign of immobility, to remind us that Barbie knows how to be new, while not giving up the classic aura and ancient values. Rock'n'roll! Children & Family Movies When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences. Barbie in Rock 'N Royals Animation
Shot Caller	2017	5.89	6.0	After accidentally causing the death of a friend in a car accident, Jacob ends up in jail on manslaughter charges. To survive the dangers of detention he sides with the Aryan brotherhood which, after the man is released for good behavior, forces him to commit a crime to protect his ex-wife and son.  Dramas, Thrillers Trying to go straight, a once-successful businessman fresh out of prison is forced to orchestrate a brazen crime or risk his family. Shot Caller Thriller
De Palma	2015	8.33	8.0	For the first time, director Brian De Palma overcomes his reluctance to tell his life and career in depth.  Documentaries Iconoclastic film director Brian DePalma takes a look back at the production of such classic movies as ""Carrie,"" ""Scarface"" and ""The Untouchables. De Palma Documentary
He Named Me Malala	2015	3.5	8.0	An intimate portrait of Malala Yousafzai, one of the girls injured following an armed attack by a Taliban group on a school bus in the Swat Valley in Pakistan. The then 15-year-old, targeted for talking about girls' right to education, was shot in the head, sparking the outrage of the international media. Having since become a symbol of children's rights around the world, Malala was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in December 2014. The documentary has the undisputed merit of making Malala's story circulate on other circuits but it is difficult to refrain from reflecting on the cinematic ways in which this objective is pursued. She, Malala, is a ""force of nature"" but the hagiography with which she is treated damages the profound and contemporary value of her story. Documentaries This documentary tells the story of a teenage Pakistani girl shot for her advocacy of women's education, her survival, and her continued efforts. He Named Me Malala Documentary
Free Fire	2016	6.33	6.0	What is supposed to be simple arms trafficking in a warehouse doesn't go as planned and turns into an explosive firefight. When the smoke clears, a handful of survivors will find themselves fighting for their lives.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, Independent Movies A sketchy arms transaction in a deserted warehouse turns into a free-for-all when the two sides engage in a take-no-prisoners shootout. Free Fire Action
City of Tiny Lights	2016		3.0	Private detective Tommy Akhtar is recovering from another hangover when a new case to solve looms on the horizon: that of the African prostitute Melody who wants to find her friend Natasha. As the search intensifies, Tommy is forced to delve into the bowels of modern London, uncovering shocking secrets about his past.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers In moody London, a burned-out sleuth sinks into a world of corruption and murderous romance when he tackles a mysterious case of a missing sex worker. City of Tiny Lights Thriller
Into the Forest	2015	5.67	5.0	In the not too distant future, sisters Nell and Eva find themselves prisoners of their home. Surrounded only by miles of dense forest, they have to get by using what they have at home before they understand what the forest can offer them. They will thus find themselves confronted with a world where noise is the only guide, trust a rare commodity, gas the king and excruciating loneliness. Despite this, almost miraculously, love will never stop existing and grow.  Dramas, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In the near future, two frightened sisters fight for survival after losing their father during a deadly, quietly looming apocalypse. Into the Forest Drama
He Never Died	2015		6.0	Jack is a reluctant cannibal who prefers to retire to his apartment rather than pose a threat to the population. He feeds on the packets of blood he recruits on the black market and only sometimes circumstances lead him to kill bad people. His heart, however, is fundamentally good, as evidenced by the attempt to establish a relationship with the maid Cara and the desire for protection towards the teenage daughter he meets for the first time. However, events will lead him to plunge into the depths of the local underworld when the past returns to haunt him.  Comedies, Horror Movies A reclusive immortal who needs human flesh but tries to stay clean finds himself cast back into society by a gang of thugs and his estranged daughter. He Never Died Horror
Loev	2015	5.0	6.0	When Jai thinks of taking advantage of his 48-hour business trip to Mumbai to unplug his work on Wall Street for a while, young musician friend Sahil leaves everything, including his boyfriend, to give him the perfect vacation. Between trekking in the hills, mid-way conversations, Skype calls and sudden silences, they'll realize that it's not just distance that keeps them apart.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies Lives are upended when a hiking trip leads a Wall Street hotshot to explore his true feelings for an old pal who’s disenchanted with his boyfriend. Loev Drama
Keith Richards: Under the Influence	2015	6.0	6.0	Director Morgan Neville follows Keith Richards to discover the genesis of his compositions and his activities as a songwriter, guitarist and performer. Intimate and thoughtful conversations unearth Richards' sources of inspiration and efforts to make his first solo album in 23 years.  Documentaries, Music & Musicals In a documentary with unparalleled access, discover the people and sounds that inspired rock 'n' roll legend Keith Richards from childhood to today. Keith Richards: Under the Influence Documentary
Angry Indian Goddesses	2015		6.0	A group of girls from all over India are invited to Goa by their dear friend Frieda, who has a surprise announcement in store: she is about to get married. Thus begins an improvised bachelorette party but with unexpected surprises.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A photographer invites a close-knit group of female pals to her Goa home to announce her engagement, which stirs up a riot of emotion in all of them. Angry Indian Goddesses Comedy
Zoom	2015	7.0	7.0	Emma is a cartoonist who works during the day in a factory that produces inflatable dolls, often taking refuge in the imagination. In an attempt to overcome the reality that surrounds her, she makes a rash decision, which will prove irrevocable and too costly. Fortunately, Michelle, the aspiring writer of Emma's story, offers her a way out of the situation. Emma, ??in turn, has control over the story of Edward, the director at the center of the comic she is drawing. To tell the three stories, Morelli uses a mix of live action and animation. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Comic book artist Emma draws her ideal man: Edward, the director of a film about a novelist named Michelle, who's writing a book about Emma. Zoom Comedy
Liar, Liar, Vampire	2015		3.0	Davis, a regular high schooler, suddenly becomes famous at school when people mistakenly start believing he is a real vampire. Vi, a young vampire-experienced neighbor, will help him act like one of them. The consequences of their joke, however, will not be long in coming.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies When a shy teen transfers to a new school, he elects to mix things up by playing along with the rumor that he's a vampire. Liar, Liar, Vampire Comedy
Personal Shopper	2016	6.56	6.0	Maureen is a young American who supports herself in Paris by working as a personal shopper for celebrity Kyra. Additionally, Maureen has the psychic ability to communicate with the spirits of the dead, such as that of her recently deceased twin brother Lewis. Soon, he begins to receive ambiguous messages from an unknown source.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers A psychic medium takes a job as personal shopper for a spoiled celebrity in order to contact the spirit of her brother, who owned her employer's home. Personal Shopper Drama
The Ridiculous 6	2015	6.0	5.0	Tommy ""White Knife"" Stockburn, an outlaw raised by Native Americans in the Old West, discovers he has five siblings. With them he sets out on an adventurous search for his long-lost father.  Action & Adventure, Comedies When his outlaw dad is kidnapped, Tommy “White Knife” Stockburn sets off across the West on a rescue mission with five brothers he never knew he had. The Ridiculous 6 Comedy
I, Daniel Blake	2016	7.36	8.0	59-year-old Daniel Blake worked as a carpenter most of his life in the North East of England. For the first time in his life, he needs state aid due to an illness when along his way he runs into Rachel, the single mother of little Daisy and Charlie. Rachel's only chance of having a roof to live under is an apartment 500km from where she lives. Both Daniel and Rachel find themselves in a no-man's land, trapped by the rigors of a bureaucracy that feels no reason.  Dramas, Independent Movies While fighting for his welfare benefits following a job-ending heart attack, a widowed carpenter befriends a single mother in a similar plight. I, Daniel Blake Drama
Planetarium	2016	5.86	4.0	Laura and Kaye Barlow are two young medium sisters on a European tour in Paris in the late thirties. As they tackle the difficulties of new practices, they meet the powerful film producer André Korben, as visionary as he is a disputed acquirer of a French company raised by the crisis with American marketing techniques. Once dazzled by the Barlow sisters, Korben offers them a one-year contract for ambitious projects. Laura, however, will soon understand what are the real reasons why the man wishes to have them by his side.  Dramas, International Movies In pre-World War II France, two sisters purport to be able to communicate with the dead and soon catch the eye of an ambitious filmmaker. Planetarium Drama
A Very Murray Christmas	2015	5.67	5.0	Bill Murray, an actor famous for always showing reluctance to have a manager or agent, is concerned that a massive snowstorm in New York will blow up his TV show, not allowing any guests. to perform. With luck and perseverance, guests will arrive at the Carlyle Hotel in time to help with a dance and song show in pure holiday spirit.  Comedies, Music & Musicals Bill Murray rounds up an all-star cast for an evening of music, mischief and barroom camaraderie in this irreverent twist on holiday variety shows. A Very Murray Christmas Comedy
Under the Shadow	2016	6.29	7.0	Tehran, 1988. The war between Iran and Iraq has reached its eighth year. A mother and daughter try to survive the bombing of the city while a bloody revolution ignites in the country. As they struggle to be together despite the terror, a mysterious evil begins to haunt them in their home.  Horror Movies, International Movies, Thrillers During the Iran-Iraq conflict, a Tehran woman caring for her daughter while her husband is at war is gradually convinced evil spirits are at work. Under the Shadow Horror
Yoga Hosers	2016	3.2	4.0	Colleen Collette and Colleen McKenzie are two teenage Winnipeg friends who like to practice yoga and spend a lot of time on their smartphones. Invited to an important party by the most famous girl in high school, the two students accidentally discover an ancient evil long buried right in their grocery store.  Comedies, Horror Movies, Independent Movies With an all-important high school party at stake, two teen yoga fanatics enlist a man hunter to help fight an army of monsters created by Nazis. Yoga Hosers Horror
Spectral	2016	5.0	6.0	A special team of operatives is sent to fight against supernatural beings who have taken possession of a city.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When an otherworldly force wreaks havoc on a war-torn European city, an engineer teams up with an elite Special Ops unit to stop it. Spectral Fantasy
Kickboxer: Vengeance	2016		4.0	Eric and Kurt Sloane are descendants of a well-known martial arts family. Always in the shadow of his older brother Eric, Kurt has not shown that he has the instinct to become a champion. Despite Kurt's worries, Eric accepts an advantageous offer and leaves for Thailand in order to challenge champion Tong Po. The encounter, however, has fatal consequences and Kurt develops a desire for revenge, seeking the teachings of Durand, the mentor. of his brother.  Action & Adventure After a skilled fighter falls in the ring, his younger brother emerges from the shadows to train and get revenge against a brutal champion. Kickboxer: Vengeance Action
Lavender	2016	4.33	5.0	Jane is a photographer engaged in a difficult marriage with Alan, with whom she had a six-year-old daughter, Alice. Always obsessed with photos of old abandoned farmhouses and the secrets they can keep, she intends to track down an old house that continually emerges in her memories. He has no idea where the house is or why it is so important but he knows he has to find it. When she succeeds, she discovers that the residence is run by her uncle Patrick, slowly finding herself faced with several buried truths, finding out who lived in that house and how her family died, and learning that she is the rightful owner of the building. She will find herself so haunted by long-forgotten ghosts and memories, that they will risk making her lose the right clarity.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers After discovering old fractures in her skull, a photographer recovering from amnesia becomes increasingly haunted by a sinister childhood secret. Lavender Thriller
Neruda	2016	7.48	7.0	In 1948, the climate of the Cold War reached Chile. In a passionate speech to Congress, Senator Pablo Neruda, poet and communist, criticized the government. President Varela immediately removes him from his post and delegates his arrest to Oscar Peluchonneau, a police inspector. Neruda and his wife, the painter Delia del Carril, fail their attempt to escape from Chile and are forced into hiding. With Peluchonneau at his ribs, the clandestine Neruda completes the draft of Canto General and dedicates himself to secret nocturnal excursions. The story of the poet hunt soon reaches Europe, where the artists led by Pablo Picasso make their voices heard for Neruda's freedom.  Dramas, International Movies When a Chilean policeman vows to find and capture leftist poet Pablo Neruda, a game of cat and mouse ensues that tests both their wills. Neruda Biography
Christine	2016	5.8	6.0	In 1974, television journalist Christine Chubbuck aspires to a high standard of life and love in Sarasota, Florida. Failure for her is not an option to consider and becoming famous will be like a mission to complete, even at the cost of her life itself. Inspired by a true story. Dramas, Independent Movies In a film based on true events, an awkward but ambitious TV reporter struggles to adapt when she's ordered to focus on violent and salacious stories. Christine Biography
Lovesong	2016	6.0	6.0	Neglected by her husband, Sarah embarks on an impromptu road trip with her daughter and best friend Mindy. Along the way, however, something happens that separates the two friends forever after their bond has intensified. Years later, Sarah attempts to reconnect with Mindy a few days before she gets married.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Best friends Sarah and Mindy share an unexpected moment while on a road trip. Years later, the two struggle to reconnect before a wedding. Lovesong Drama
Swiss Army Man	2016	6.4	7.0	Hank, a hopeless man lost in the wilderness, discovers a mysterious corpse, with which he embarks on an epic journey home. Realizing that the body is the key to his survival, Hank as a former suicide wannabe forces himself into a surreal operation: to convince the dead body of how life is worth living.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A washed-up corpse with surprising abilities gives a hopeless man stranded in the wilderness someone to talk to – and a newfound reason to live. Swiss Army Man Adventure
Tallulah	2016	7.0	7.0	Desperate to get rid of her baby girl, a dissatisfied Beverly Hills housewife hires a young stranger to babysit. The decision will eventually connect and transform the lives of all three.  Dramas, Independent Movies While searching for her ex-boyfriend, a young drifter impulsively kidnaps a baby from a neglectful mother and pretends the child is her own. Tallulah Drama
White Girl	2016	3.5	5.0	During a summer in New York City, college student Leah is willing to push the boundaries to get Blue, her drug-dealing boyfriend, out of jail. He will start selling the cocaine that Blue left at home in nightclubs.  Dramas, Independent Movies A college girl romping through New York City in search of cocaine and other highs finds something real to grasp, only to see it potentially slip away. White Girl Drama
Dog Eat Dog	2016	7.0	6.0	Three men, released from prison, have the duty to readjust themselves to civil life. California law hangs over them but the three have every intention not to be overwhelmed. Troy, a lonely mind, seeks a clean path but cannot get rid of his hatred for the system. Diesel is on the crime payroll, and his interest in his wife and suburban home is in sharp decline. Mad Dog, finally, is the loose cannon of the trio: prey to his own inner demons, he lets himself be carried away from one situation to another. All three would take one last blow to settle down: a perfect crime that Troy's mind doesn't struggle to process.  Dramas, Thrillers A delusional ex-con rejoins his unhinged former partners for one last job: kidnap the baby of a mobster's enemy for ransom. Dog Eat Dog Action
Little Men	2016	6.33	6.0	When 13-year-old Jake's grandfather dies, the family moves back into the old Brooklyn home. There Jake befriends Tony, whose single mother of Chilean descent runs a shop downstairs. As their friendship deepens, their families start a battle for rent. The two boys are thus forced to respond to family disputes by choosing the vow of silence.  Dramas, Independent Movies Jake and Tony become friends when Jake's dad inherits a home above Tony's mother's shop. Friendship is tested when Jake's dad raises the shop's rent. Little Men Drama
The Fundamentals of Caring	2016	7.5	7.0	After experiencing a personal tragedy, Ben decides to work as a caregiver to earn money. His first client is Trevor, an 18-year-old with muscular dystrophy. Ben and Trevor thus begin their journey together, finding hope, friendship and the beautiful Dot along their path.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies In this inspirational buddy comedy, a young shut-in and his caregiver take a road trip in search of landmarks, but end up finding hope and friendship. The Fundamentals of Caring Drama
The Eyes of My Mother	2016	7.25	6.0	A lonely young woman is consumed by her darkest and deepest desires after a tragedy disrupts her peaceful country existence.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies At the remote farmhouse where she once witnessed a traumatic childhood event, a young woman develops a grisly fascination with violence. The Eyes of My Mother Drama
The Discovery	2017	5.0	6.0	A year after the existence of the afterlife was scientifically verified, millions of people from all over the world ended their lives to get there. A man and a woman fall in love as they face their tragic past and the true nature of life after death.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies A scientist whose proof of an afterlife caused a rash of suicides forges ahead with his research, while his disapproving son falls for a troubled woman. The Discovery Romantic
War Machine	2017	5.0	6.0	A graduate general with a deadly and impeccable reputation is determined to win the ""impossible"" war in Afghanistan with a radically new approach. Together with his diverse staff of commanders and consultants, he moves between delicate international alliances, demands for support forces, political battles in Washington and the voracious appetite of the mass media. Ferocious satire on war inspired by the figure of General Stanley McChrystal, whose reputation as a lethal and flawless soldier is called into question by the portrait written by journalist Michael Hastings for Rolling Stone magazine. Comedies, Dramas When a proud general is tasked with winning an unpopular war, he takes the challenge head-on, not knowing that hubris may be his own worst enemy. War Machine Comedy
American Honey	2016	6.8	7.0	Star, a teenager with nothing to lose, joins a walking team of misfit magazine sellers. He will thus find himself on a journey to the Midwest crossed by a whirlwind of youthful love affairs, violent parties and repeated violations of the law.  Dramas, Independent Movies A teenage girl leaves her dull life in Oklahoma to join a raucous band of travelling magazine sellers on an alcohol-, drug- and sex-filled road trip. American Honey Drama
Special Correspondents	2016	4.0	6.0	To increase the audience ratings of his radio program, a journalist # elaborates a big plan with his sound engineer: the two decide to stage their kidnapping during a riot in a South American country. To do this, they hide in New York. However, things take a very different turn from the one they had envisioned.  Comedies When they lose their passports, a bickering radio team invents phony reports from a combat zone in a ruse that becomes increasingly complicated. Special Correspondents Comedy
The Space Between Us	2016	5.0	6.0	A spaceship leaves for the first mission to colonize Mars. After take-off, however, it turns out that an astronaut is pregnant. The woman, shortly after landing, dies from the complications of childbirth which gives birth to the first human being born on the red planet, without ever revealing the name of her father. Thus began the extraordinary life of Gardner Elliot, destined to become a very intelligent and curious boy. 16 years later, Gardner has only met 14 people in his life and received an unconventional upbringing when, while researching who his father is and on Earth, whom he has never seen, he forms an online friendship with a teenager. of Colorado named Tulsa. And when he gets the chance to go to Earth, he gets the desire to experience all the wonders he has only read about before discovering, once his explorations have begun, that his body cannot withstand the Earth's atmosphere. Determined to find his father, Gardner runs away and, in the company of Tulsa, will begin a race against time to unravel the mysteries of his existence.  Action & Adventure, Romantic Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After years of limited contact with Earth, an inquisitive teen who lives on Mars makes an interplanetary trek to discover his own origins. The Space Between Us Fantasy
The Edge of Seventeen	2016	7.5	6.0	Nadine and Krista are two inseparable friends who try to extricate themselves together in the high school environment. Their friendship, however, is shattered when Nadine discovers that her friend is secretly dating her brother. They will soon realize how easy it is to go from best friends to worst enemies.  Comedies, Dramas When Nadine's best (and only) friend starts dating her detested older brother, the teenage cynic's life becomes even more unbearable. The Edge of Seventeen Comedy
20th Century Women	2016	6.5	6.0	In Santa Barbara, Dorothea Fields is a determined single mother who in the mid-1950s, at a time filled with cultural change and rebellion, is raising teenage son Jamie on her own. For her education, Dorothea enlisted the help of two young women: Abbie, a free-spirited punk artist, and Julie, a teenage neighbor who is as experienced as she is provocative.  Dramas, Independent Movies In 1979, single bohemian mom Dorothea, hoping to help her teen son find his place as a man, asks two young women to share their lives with him. 20th Century Women Drama
Berlin Syndrome	2017	5.25	6.0	On vacation in Berlin, Australian photojournalist Clare meets Andi, a charismatic local man: the two of them snap an instant attraction, culminating in a night of passion. What appears to be the beginning of a romance unexpectedly takes a sinister turn when Clare awakens the next morning to find that Andi has quit her job and locked her in her apartment, with no intention of letting her go.  International Movies, Thrillers What starts as a passionate one-night stand quickly turns sinister when Clare learns she's locked inside Andi's apartment with no way out. Berlin Syndrome Thriller
Toro	2016	4.83	6.0	Two brothers meet after 5 years. One has been in prison, the other is on the run from a dangerous fence along with his little daughter Diana. The three embark on a journey against the backdrop of the wild and mythical landscape of Andalusia. Over the course of 48 hours together, past wounds will reopen that need to be mended to survive the situation.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers Ex-con Toro's brother and former partner in crime makes a desperate plea for help that may put Toro back behind bars ... if he survives at all. Toro Thriller
Strike a Pose	2016	6.0	7.0	For the 1990 Blond Ambition Tour, superstar Madonna was looking for performers suitable for the show. Among many aspirants, gay dancers Salim, Kevin, Carlton, José, Luis and Gabriel were chosen along with breakdancer Oliver, the only straight one in the group. The tour was accompanied by a film crew and the dancers quickly became role models for the singer's young homosexual fans. The idyll, however, ended when Gabriel, Kevin and Oliver sued the makers of Sleeping With Madonna, guilty of revealing their (alleged, in Oliver's case) homosexuality to the world.  Documentaries, International Movies, LGBTQ Movies A quarter-century later, this documentary relocates the male dancers who backed Madonna on her 1990 Blond Ambition tour, as seen in ""Truth or Dare. Strike a Pose Documentary
Rocco	2016	4.6	6.0	Rocco Siffredi, a true living legend of the hard world, is to pornography as Mike Tyson is to boxing or Mick Jagger to rock'n'roll. His mother wished he would become a priest but then, with her blessing, he became a porn actor who dedicated his life to just god desire. For the first time, Siffredi tells about himself going beyond the myth and revealing his true story, his beginnings, his career, the relationship with his wife and children, also offering an unexpected confession that will change his existence forever.  Documentaries, International Movies Italian porn star Rocco Siffredi is showcased in this documentary that shadows the legendary performer during his final year in front of the camera. Rocco Documentary
I Am Wrath	2016	3.67	5.0	Unemployed engineer, Stanley Hill witnesses the murder of his wife Vivian in a parking lot. Devastated by guilt, Stanley is obsessed with the image of Vivian dying in his arms and, when Detective Gibson and the other corrupt cops show themselves unable and disinterested in granting him justice, he turns to old friend Dennis, deciding to take the situation in hand. This quickly brings to light the hidden past the two friends share, proving to be far more dangerous than anyone imagined.  Action & Adventure, Dramas Hell-bent on avenging his wife's murder, Stanley Hill summons an old partner's help in exposing a cover-up by crooked cops and slimy politicians. I Am Wrath Action
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny	2016		6.0	The famous warrior Yu Shu-Lien returns to fight, to prevent the evil leader Hades Dai from taking possession of the legendary sword known as ""Green Destiny"". The tale of a young and lost love, a legendary sword and a last chance for redemption, all within an epic martial arts battle between good and evil that will decide the fate of the martial arts world. Action & Adventure, Romantic Movies Renowned warrior Yu Shu-Lien comes out of retirement to keep the legendary Green Destiny sword away from villainous warlord Hades Dai. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny Action
The Siege of Jadotville	2016		6.0	The Irish commander Pat Quinlan tries to counterbalance with his troops the French and Belgian mercenaries present in Congo during the early 1960s.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies Besieged by overwhelming enemy forces, Irish soldiers on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in Africa valiantly defend their outpost in this true story. The Siege of Jadotville Drama
Sand Castle	2017	5.0	6.0	19-year-old Matt Ocre, a machine gunner during the 2003 Iraq war, is part of a platoon assigned to repair an aqueduct near the dangerous village of Baquba. The operation, however, soon reveals other deadly pitfalls due to a Sunni revolt that threatens further bloodshed and chaos. In the face of adversity, Matt and his companions Harper, Chutsky and Burton, under the orders of Captain Syverson, will have to draw on their strength and courage to hope to get out of the situation alive.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, Independent Movies After the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a reluctant soldier's platoon is dispatched on a dangerous mission to repair a hostile village's water system. Sand Castle Drama
The Titan	2018		5.0	Rick Janssen, military pilot, is chosen for an experiment aimed at demonstrating the possibility of human survival in the terrible environmental conditions of Titan, one of the satellites of the planet Saturn. The experiment succeeds in transforming Rick into a super-man but creating side effects that threaten not only his life but also that of his wife, family and humanity itself.  Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man. The Titan Fantasy
Miss Stevens	2016	6.0	6.0	At a crossroads in her personal life, Miss Stevens must accompany three students - Billy, Margot and Sam - on a weekend trip to take part in an acting contest. Exploring the borderline between adult and adolescent life, Miss Stevens will see her pupils transform into life teachers and understand how youthful confusion basically never really goes away.  Dramas, Independent Movies Emotionally vulnerable teacher Rachel accompanies three students to a weekend drama competition and forms an unexpected bond with troubled teen Billy. Miss Stevens Drama
Hush	2016	6.0	6.0	Writer Maddie Young lives a life of isolation after losing her hearing as a teenager, retreating to a world of silence. But when a masked-faced psychopathic killer appears at her home window, Maddie must push herself beyond her mental and physical limits in order to survive the long night ahead.  Horror Movies, Thrillers A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears in her window. Hush Horror
Barça Dreams	2015	8.0	7.0	The story of one of the most popular football clubs of all time, FC Barcelona, ??made famous by a long list of sporting legends: from one of the greatest players to ever walk the pitches, Lionel Messi, to the world-famous coach Pep Guardiola, up to the man who revolutionized the world of football thanks to his original and innovative vision of football: Johan Cruyff. The film tells the long path to fame and success achieved by players like Messi, Xavi Hernández and Andrés Iniesta, a generation of footballers trained at the extraordinary school of La Masia, revealing the secrets of what is much more than a team: a powerful sports club linked to fans from all over the world, as well as to the Catalan identity. Documentaries, International Movies, Sports Movies Explore the history and philosophies behind one of the world's most beloved – and successful – soccer franchises: FC Barcelona. Barça Dreams Documentary
Don't Think Twice	2016		6.0	An improvisation group loses the lease for their home theater but at the same time one of them is chosen to take part in a major television comedy show. Soon, bitterness and backstabbing will take over the friendship itself.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Six talented but struggling improv comics see a sudden shift in their troupe's dynamic after one of them lands a much-coveted gig on television. Don't Think Twice Comedy
Little Sister	2016		6.0	October 2008. The young nun Colleen avoids any contact with her family until one day an email from her mother announces her brother's return home from Iraq. Upon returning to her childhood home in Asheville, Colleen finds her old room as she left it, with the walls painted black and covered in hard metal posters. Her parents are happy to see her again but the discomfort and embarrassment are palpable. During Colleen's visit, old tensions are bound to surface and be forever buried.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A former Goth studying to become a nun finds her faith tested when she returns home to visit her brother, who has been disfigured in the Iraq War. Little Sister Comedy
Teenage Cocktail	2016		4.0	Feeling oppressed by their small town and overbearing parents, Anne and Jules plan to run away. The only obstacle to the realization of their plan is obviously money and to earn something Jules proposes to perform via webcam. Although initially skeptical, Anne stops having doubts when the first money begins to arrive. The two will soon discover that, however, there can be unforeseen consequences ready to violently break into their lives.  Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies Two teen girls form an intense bond and launch a lucrative webcam business, leading them to a dangerous encounter with a middle-aged married man. Teenage Cocktail Drama
USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage	2016	3.6	5.0	The heartbreaking and true story of the crew of the USS Indianapolis, stranded in the Philippine Sea for five days after carrying one of the nuclear weapons that were supposed to end World War II. While they await rescue, the sailors will endure extreme thirst, hunger and attacks from relentless sharks.  Action & Adventure After becoming stranded in the Philippine Sea during World War II, a tenacious Navy crew faces a dire lack of supplies and a string of shark attacks. USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage Action
Detour	2016	6.5	6.0	Harper, a law student and good boy, suspects his stepfather Vincent is responsible for the car accident that sent his mother into a coma. Drowning in pain in a seedy Los Angeles bar, he runs into Johnny Ray, who in exchange for $ 20,000 would take care of Vincent in his own way. Angry, drunk and seeking revenge, Harper accepts the proposal, spending the rest of the evening with Johnny. In the morning, he wakes up with confused memories of the previous night when Johnny shows up at his door, accompanied by his girlfriend Cherry, to carry out the plan.  Thrillers Convinced his stepfather caused the crash that left his mother in a coma, a law student drunkenly agrees to his murder, then can't rescind the deal. Detour Thriller
The Good Neighbor	2016		6.0	Ethan Fleming and Sean Turner have developed a psychological experiment which, using modern technology, they use to convince neighbor Harold Grainey of the presence of ghosts in his home. Regardless of the fact that they are violating all the laws of ethics and the United States, Ethan and Sean begin to manipulate the emotions of old Harold at will and do not see how much they are now on the verge of causing a tragedy.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers Two tech-savvy teens plot to fool a cranky old neighbor into believing his house is haunted, but their cruel prank soon takes some unexpected turns. The Good Neighbor Thriller
A Kind of Murder	2016	4.0	5.0	In 1960s New York, Walter Stackhouse is a successful architect who, married to the beautiful but neurotic Clara, leads a seemingly perfect life. However, his fascination with an unsolved crime brings him to the center of a spiral of chaos, forcing him to play cat and mouse with an intelligent killer and an overly ambitious detective while falling in love with another woman. Adaptation of the novel Dead End by Patricia Highsmith. Thrillers Obsessed with an unsolved murder case, a crime novelist stuck in an unhappy marriage fantasizes about killing his wife, who soon turns up dead. A Kind of Murder Thriller
Team Foxcatcher	2016		6.0	The case of the paranoid billionaire John E. DuPont is known around the world. His obsession led to the killing of Olympic wrestler David Schultz. Unpublished amateur videos shed new light on the events that led to the murder and on the life, even private, of the murdered champion.  Documentaries, Sports Movies With never-before seen home video, this film recounts the paranoid downward spiral of John E. du Pont and the murder of Olympic wrestler Dave Schultz. Team Foxcatcher Documentary
Mr. Church	2016		7.0	A dying mother hires talented cook Henry Joseph Church to take care of her very young daughter. What should be a few months' work will eventually turn into a 15 year long friendship that will change everyone's lives.  Dramas A temporary personal chef, a terminally ill single mother and her young daughter form an unlikely bond that redefines the meaning of family. Mr. Church Drama
Vincent N Roxxy	2016	5.0	5.0	Vincent is a lonely man living in a small town while Roxxy is a rebellious punk. When they find themselves on the run from the same dangerous criminals, the two - despite the danger - deepen their feelings for each other. Soon, the two unfortunate lovers will discover that violence is not that far from reaching them.  Dramas, Thrillers In rural Louisiana, a terse loner forges a redemptive bond with a woman he saved from a killer, but a violent past soon catches up with both of them. Vincent N Roxxy Thriller
Wolves	2016	5.33	6.0	Anthony Keller, star of a New York high school basketball team, is doing his best to secure a scholarship. His façade as a good athlete threatens to be shattered by his father Lee, a tormented man who is highly addicted to gambling and who risks ruining all his dreams.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Sports Movies A promising high school basketball player has his eye on an Ivy League scholarship. But his father's secret addictions could ruin everything. Wolves Drama
Holidays	2016	6.0	6.0	The spirit of the holidays is the theme that unites a series of horror stories signed by some of the most visionary directors of American cinema of the 2000s. From a diabolical Easter bunny to a macabre gift for Valentine's Day, the most twisted and subversive aspects emerge that every controlled party brings with it.  Comedies, Horror Movies Eight gleefully grim short tales set on Halloween, Mother's Day, St. Patrick's Day and other holidays comprise this chilling horror anthology. Holidays Horror
Here Alone	2016		4.0	A virus has decimated the human race, leaving only two groups of survivors: on the one hand there are those who managed to avoid infection while on the other hand there are those who have been driven insane, violent and bloodthirsty. Living in the middle of a forest, Ann, Chris and Olivia are forced to fend off the infected. But when an expedition to retrieve food doesn't go as it should, one of them will have to make a terrible choice.  Horror Movies When she finally encounters two other survivors, a woman alone in a world decimated by a zombie epidemic struggles to trust her new companions. Here Alone Horror
Rebirth	2016	7.0	5.0	Kyle, a father and suburban employee, is surprised to see his college friend Zack again after a long time, as crazy as ever and full of enthusiasm shows him his self-fulfillment program called Rebirth. Rebirth involves an intense withdrawal period without a phone, wallet and keys, to find yourself. Convinced by his friend, Kyle decides to join it starting his journey towards a world of psychodrama, seduction and violence.  Dramas, Thrillers Long-lost buddy Zack gets suburban dad Kyle on a bus to a Rebirth seminar, sending him down a rabbit hole of psychodrama, seduction and violence. Rebirth Drama
Two Lovers and a Bear	2016	6.0	5.0	In an Arctic region, Roman and Lucy not only have to fight against the hostile elements of nature but also have to confront their past and their inner demons in order to make love triumph even against the backdrop of a harsh reality.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies A troubled couple living near the North Pole begins a perilous journey south in an attempt to find peace and vanquish ghosts from the past. Two Lovers and a Bear Drama
Aquarius	2016	7.2	7.0	65-year-old Clara is a retired writer and music critic. Widow, she is the mother of three grown children and lives in an apartment full of books and records in the Boa Viagem neighborhood, in an original building called Aquarius and built in the 1940s. All the neighboring apartments have been bought by a company but Clara has undertaken to leave her residence only at the moment of her death. The tension that is created ends up disturbing Clara and her daily existence, made up of memories of her loved ones and thoughts about the past and the future.  Crime TV Shows, TV Dramas Amid the turmoil of 1960s LA, two cops and a prominent political family are drawn into the sex- and drug-fueled web of a young Charles Manson. Aquarius Drama
Aquarius	2016	7.2	7.0	65-year-old Clara is a retired writer and music critic. Widow, she is the mother of three grown children and lives in an apartment full of books and records in the Boa Viagem neighborhood, in an original building called Aquarius and built in the 1940s. All the neighboring apartments have been bought by a company but Clara has undertaken to leave her residence only at the moment of her death. The tension that is created ends up disturbing Clara and her daily existence, made up of memories of her loved ones and thoughts about the past and the future.  Dramas, International Movies The final holdout in her historic beachside building in Brazil, a retired music critic refuses to sell her apartment to developers bent on demolition. Aquarius Drama
Hot Bot	2016		4.0	Two clumsy teenagers accidentally discover a robot with the appearance of a super sexy woman. However, they will have to trick the rightful owner who wants it back.  Comedies Two teenage geeks inadvertently find a lifelike, state-of-the-art sex robot, but must dodge the high-profile owner who lost her in order to keep her. Hot Bot Comedy
Mean Dreams	2016	5.5	6.0	Casey and Jonas are two teenagers who run away from their respective families, violent and dysfunctional. By stealing a bag full of money from Casey's corrupt cop father, along the way they will learn to fight and survive, discovering the desperation of escape and the beauty of first love.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers Desperate to start a new life with his girlfriend, a teenage boy steals drug money from her father, who happens to be the town's corrupt lawman. Mean Dreams Thriller
Divines	2016	7.0	7.0	In a ghetto between traffic and religion, Douina thirsts for power and success. Supported by best friend Maimouna, she decides to follow in the footsteps of Rebecca, a respected drug dealer. The meeting with Dijui, a young dancer with a disturbing sensuality, will change her daily existence.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A shrewd teenager and her wisecracking best friend plan to get rich or die trying by following in the footsteps of a flashy female drug dealer. Divines Drama
Okja	2017	6.33	7.0	Mija is a young girl who has to risk everything to prevent a powerful multinational from separating her forever from her best friend, a huge animal named Okja.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, Dramas A gentle giant and the girl who raised her are caught in the crossfire between animal activism, corporate greed and scientific ethics. Okja Adventure
Friend Request	2016	4.29	5.0	Laura is a student who faces serious and unforeseen consequences when she befriends on social media with a lonely female presence from her own college. Shortly thereafter, she will find herself together with those around her being haunted by a demonic force.  Horror Movies, International Movies A popular college student's love of social media becomes her biggest regret when a mysterious account marks each of her friends for a grisly demise. Friend Request Thriller
Goldstone	2016	6.33	6.0	Indigenous detective Jay Swan arrives in the border town of Goldstone to follow the case of a missing person. What seems like a simple chore soon turns into an investigation into a crime and corruption network. Jay will therefore be forced to put aside differences and contrasts to start collaborating with the young local policeman Josh, so that together they can restore justice to the town.  Thrillers In the Australian outback, an Indigenous cop on a missing persons case unearths a trafficking ring and runs afoul of political-industrial interests. Goldstone Thriller
Layla M.	2016	5.0	7.0	Layla, 18 years old born and raised in Amsterdam, is intelligent, witty and tenacious, but she is of Moroccan origin, a fact that in a historical moment of constant terrorist threats leads her to struggle with the growing distrust of girls with veils and boys with long beard. With her frustration growing incessantly, Layla takes refuge in the faith and joins a group of extremist Muslims who fight in their own way in the name of Islam. Layla herself posted films on the internet about the horrors in Syria and Gaza, also ending up flirting with the charismatic Abdel. When she and her peaceful brother are arrested, Layla feels hurt and lost. She then decides to leave home and marry Abdel, facing an uncertain and impossible future.  Dramas, International Movies In response to the repeated bigotry she faces, a Muslim teen in Amsterdam tries to find a sense of belonging in the world of fundamentalist Islam. Layla M. Drama
The Age of Shadows	2016	6.75	7.0	In the late 1920s, a period marked by the Chinese occupation of Korea, Korean Lee Jung-chool worked as a Japanese police officer. He is entrusted with the special mission of discovering the Brotherhood of the Righteous and monitoring the work of its leader Kim Woo-jin. Soon, the Brotherhood discovers that there may be a mole among its ranks and to evade the investigation decides to arrange a trip to Shanghai to recover explosives. However, the information reaches the Japanese officers, who opt to follow the same example. The final clash between the two factions will take place on a train back to Korea loaded with explosives, with unimaginable consequences.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies Formerly a Korean resistance fighter, a policeman working for Japan is tasked with tracking down resistance leaders before they acquire explosives. The Age of Shadows Drama
Below Her Mouth	2016		6.0	Dallas lives his life between work and casual lovers until the day he meets Jasmine, a successful fashion journalist. From the moment their eyes meet, the two women are immediately inexplicably attracted to each other. The biggest obstacle to their passionate relationship, however, is represented by Rile, Jasmine's former love.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies An engaged fashion editor begins a torrid affair with a female roofer that threatens to turn both of their lives upside down. Below Her Mouth Drama
Internet Famous	2016		1.0	Five web stars travel across the States to participate in a national television contest for talents in which only one winner is announced. The biggest problem for them is that in truth they are totally devoid of talent. Everyone will therefore need a lot of nerve and just as much luck to be elected web star of the year.  Comedies Five viral Internet celebrities travel to a competition that will award one of them their own television series in this ensemble comedy. Internet Famous Comedy
Be Somebody	2016		5.0	Famous pop star Jordan Jay has a big dream: to live like a normal teenager. Chased one day by some crazy fans, he finds a perfect refuge and a new friend in Emily Lowe, an art student. Despite coming from different worlds, the two will soon discover that they have more in common than they thought.  Comedies, Dramas, Romantic Movies To escape the stress of fame, teen pop star Jordan goes incognito in a small town, where he forms a special bond with high school art student Emily. Be Somebody Drama
Mercy	2016		4.0	Two pairs of brothers, with a common mother but children of different fathers, return to their childhood home in the woods to assist their dying mother. Antagonists, the two couples experience a division fueled by old wounds and tensions, heightened by the presence of one of their fathers and a curious girl. As night falls, old family secrets begin to surface, testing all bonds and creating an almost unbearable atmosphere.  Dramas, Thrillers Two brothers clash with their half-siblings when a visit home to see their dying mother surfaces old secrets and becomes a fight for survival. Mercy Thriller
Thor: Ragnarok	2017	5.64	6.0	Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe without his mighty hammer and finds himself engaged in a race against time to return to Asgard and stop the destruction of the planet at the hands of a new enemy, the ruthless Hela. Before he can, however, he will have to survive a gladiator contest in which he will be pitted against former ally the Hulk.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy To save Asgard from a bloodthirsty goddess of death, the mighty Thor will have to battle his way to freedom and find a way back home. Thor: Ragnarok Super-hero
Mascots	2016		4.0	The world of professional sports mascots is highly competitive. Those who are engaged in fierce competition for the annual Fluffy Gold Adward know this well.  Comedies Eager contestants don big heads and furry suits to vie for the title of World's Best Mascot in this offbeat, comic romp from Christopher Guest. Mascots Comedy
Catfight	2016		6.0	A reunion between two schoolmates turns into a glittering no-holds-barred war.  Comedies, Independent Movies Two college frenemies whose lives aren't what they hoped meet up decades later and escalate their resentments from verbal jabs to bloody brawls. Catfight Comedy
Blue Jay	2016	6.2	6.0	By chance meeting when they both return to their small hometown in California, two former high school sweethearts reflect on their shared pasts and dissatisfied lives.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Two former high school sweethearts unexpectedly reunite in their old hometown, where they rediscover their magical bond and face a shared regret. Blue Jay Comedy
I Am Not Madame Bovary	2016	7.75		Li Xuelian and her husband Qin Yuhe stage a fake divorce to get a second apartment in the city, reserved by the government for single people. Qin remarries six months later as agreed but to a different woman. Furious, Li takes the matter to court but loses the case. Refusing to accept the judge's verdict, he appeals to all institutions but fails to achieve any victory. After the ex-wife publicly accuses her of being a promiscuous woman, Li decides to denounce him once again, starting a long battle destined to last more than a decade.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies To qualify for an apartment reserved for singles, a married couple stages a divorce. But when her husband unexpectedly remarries, Li seeks justice. I Am Not Madame Bovary Comedy
Barry	2016	7.0	5.0	In 1981, the very young Barack Obama, unaware of his future as president of the United States, attended college in New York, dealing with issues such as race, culture and identity.  Dramas A young Barack Obama forges his identity while dealing with race, divergent cultures and ordinary life as a New York City college student. Barry Biography
Carrie Pilby	2016		6.0	Embarrassing, lonely and unloved by most of the people around her, a 19-year-old prodigy tests her beliefs by venturing into the New York dating scene.  Comedies, Dramas A socially awkward 19-year-old genius makes big plans to step out of her shell and make a friend, get a job and – maybe – even go on a date. Carrie Pilby Comedy
Strange Weather	2016		6.0	Darcy Baylor is a mother who, in an attempt to overcome the pain of her son's death, crosses the streets of the Deep South to settle the score. His is a story of suffering, forgiveness and introspection, aimed at finding a way to move forward.  Dramas, Independent Movies A grieving mother takes a road trip with her friend to confront the man who, she believes, stole her late son's business idea to get rich. Strange Weather Drama
The Bleeder	2016	6.8	6.0	In 1975, 35-year-old boxer Chuck Wepner challenged Muhammad Ali for the title of world heavyweight champion. The match, which lasted 15 rounds, will end unexpectedly 19 seconds before the end.  Dramas, Sports Movies Husband. Father. Fighter. Meet Chuck Wepner, the liquor salesman and self-proclaimed real-life inspiration behind Rocky Balboa. The Bleeder Drama
I Called Him Morgan	2016	6.0	8.0	On a snowy night in February 1972, famous jazz musician Lee Morgan was shot dead by his wife Helen during a concert in a New York club. The murder created a shock wave across the jazz world.  Documentaries, Music & Musicals Decades after serving a prison sentence for killing jazz musician Lee Morgan, his common-law wife, Helen, reflects on their lives and his legacy. I Called Him Morgan Documentary
Franca: Chaos and Creation	2016	7.0	6.0	An intimate portrait of Franca Sozzani, legendary director of Vogue Italia. Ranging from the ridiculous to the sublime, her surprising choices for the magazine covers not only broke the rules of haute couture but also dictated the law for over 25 years.  Documentaries, International Movies A documentary filmmaker chronicles the life and times of his mother, Franca Sozzani, the editor of Italian Vogue and a fashion-world provocateur. Franca: Chaos and Creation Documentary
Porto	2016	5.5	6.0	Jake and Mati are two Porto outsiders who once experienced a brief connection. However, an aura of mystery remains about the moments they shared and, in search of memories, they relive the depths of a night uninhibited by the consequences of time.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies In a coastal Portuguese city, an erotic encounter ensues between an American expat and a French student, resonating through their lives years later. Porto Drama
ARQ	2016	6.0	5.0	In a future where multinationals fight against sovereign nations to ensure control of the last energy sources on Earth, Renton and Hannah relive a brutal home invasion over and over again. The intruders aim to get their hands on ARQ, an experimental energy technology that could end wars and that creates a time loop that can always revive the same day.  International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers Trapped in a lab and stuck in a time loop, a disoriented couple fends off masked raiders while harboring a new energy source that could save humanity. ARQ Fantasy
Into the Inferno	2016	7.75	8.0	Director Werner Herzog teams up with volcanologist Clive Oppenheimer for a world tour on the trail of some of the most dangerous volcanoes on the planet. Stopping in Indonesia, Ethiopia, Iceland and North Korea, he wonders about the eruptions and their dangers but also about the philosophical meaning connected to them.  Documentaries With stunning views of eruptions and lava flows, Werner Herzog captures the raw power of volcanoes and their ties to indigenous spiritual practices. Into the Inferno Documentary
Amanda Knox	2016	3.0	5.0	Twice convicted and twice acquitted by Italian courts for the brutal killing of her English roommate Meredith Kercher, Amanda Knox has become the subject of global speculation over the course of her 10-year case. With interviews and unpublished archive material, he reconstructs his human story and takes stock of the often twisted relationship between the tragedy of a crime, justice and entertainment.  Documentaries She was twice convicted and acquitted of murder. Amanda Knox and the people closest to her case speak out in this illuminating documentary. Amanda Knox Documentary
Headshot	2016	6.2	6.0	A man suffering from amnesia sees his killing machine past come to the fore when he runs into the henchmen of a vengeful drug lord.  Action & Adventure, International Movies When a young man wakes from a coma, memories of brutal violence begin to surface, putting his life – and that of his doctor – in jeopardy. Headshot Action
Rats	2016	7.0	8.0	Present in large numbers all over the world, mice are the most insidious parasites of mankind. Carriers of disease, death and psychological trauma, they often come face to face with exterminators, farmers, scientists and even cooks.  Documentaries Explore the icky world of rats and witness how their talent for surviving in almost any environment has led to catastrophic events throughout history. Rats Documentary
Moonlight	2016	6.55	6.0	The story of Chiron's childhood, adolescence and adulthood, an African American gay struggling to survive in Miami, amidst drug fights, love in unexpected places and the possibility of inner change.  Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies In a crime-infested Miami neighborhood, a gay African-American boy with a drug-addicted mother grows up with the help of a mentoring drug dealer. Moonlight Drama
Buster's Mal Heart	2016	7.0	7.0	A mountain man, on the run from the authorities, survives the winter by breaking into empty vacation homes. Often he dreams of getting lost in the sea before discovering that he is really lost at sea. He is a man in two bodies, split in two. But how did this happen?  Independent Movies, Thrillers On the run from authorities, a troubled man recalls the mysterious events – and the strange drifter – that inspired his unusual transformation. Buster's Mal Heart Drama
I Am the Pretty Thing That Lives in the House	2016	5.5	5.0	Lily, a young nurse who cares for the elderly, moves to a 19th-century estate in rural Massachusetts to care for a lonely horror writer for the last few months she has left to live. Lily slowly becomes convinced that the patient's new novel contains disturbing clues to her fate.  Horror Movies, International Movies, Thrillers A nervous nurse who scares easily finds herself caring for an ailing horror novelist while living in a house with hidden secrets. I Am the Pretty Thing That Lives in the House Thriller
Before the Flood	2016	6.75	7.0	Society can prevent and prevent the disappearance of endangered species, the destruction of ecosystems and the annihilation of indigenous communities around the globe. Actor Leonardo DiCaprio, environmental activist and United Nations messenger of peace, interviews people from all parts of society and from developed or developing nations to take stock of what he can do economically and politically environmentally friendly institutions.  Documentaries Leonardo DiCaprio crisscrosses the globe to investigate the consequences of man-made globe warming and the measures being taken to reverse it. Before the Flood Documentary
Brain on Fire	2016		5.0	Susannah Cahalan is a reporter who begins to have strange convulsions and to hear mysterious voices. As the weeks pass, Susannah quickly slips into insanity, swinging between violence and catatonic states. Following a series of explosions, misdiagnoses and a prolonged hospital stay, a new hope is looming on the horizon thanks to the fortunate intervention of a doctor. Based on a true story. Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies Stricken with seizures, psychosis and memory loss, a young New York Post reporter visits doctor after doctor in search of an elusive diagnosis. Brain on Fire Biography
The Exception	2016	6.0	7.0	A German soldier tries to figure out if the Dutch resistance managed to infiltrate a spy into Kaiser Wilhem's home in Holland at the start of World War II. During the investigation, however, he will end up falling in love with a Jewish Dutch woman.  Dramas, Romantic Movies During World War II, a Nazi officer charged with protecting an exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II from spies begins a steamy affair with a secretive Dutch maid. The Exception Drama
Handsome Devil	2016		6.0	Ned and Conor are forced to share a room in their boarding school. The 16-year-old outcast and the unpredictable fellow athlete form a strange friendship, which will be severely tested by the authorities.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies A self-described outsider is sent to a rugby-obsessed boarding school, where he forms an unexpected bond with the star player. Handsome Devil Drama
Wakefield	2016	6.25	6.0	Howard Wakefield, a successful lawyer and father of a family, has a nervous breakdown that leads him to disappear and hide in an attic, where he watches those around him.  Dramas An unhappy father and lawyer quits his suburban life and vanishes into the attic above his garage, where he watches his family move on without him. Wakefield Drama
Same Kind of Different as Me	2017	4.0	5.0	Ron Hall, an international art dealer, is forced to befriend a dangerous homeless man in order to save his marriage to his wife, a woman whose dreams will lead the three to the most dramatic change in their lives.  Dramas, Faith & Spirituality A wealthy couple whose marriage is on the rocks befriends a local homeless man who changes their perspectives in this inspiring true story. Same Kind of Different as Me Drama
XOXO	2016		4.0	The lives of six twenty-year-old strangers cross in a frenetic and hopelessly romantic evening during one of the largest electronic music festivals in America. Among them is Ethan, a young DJ who has his big break when he is called at the last minute to perform after his performances had gone viral on the web a few days earlier.  Dramas The lives of a budding DJ, his loyal pal, a hopeless romantic, a jaded has-been and a troubled couple intersect at an electronic dance music festival. XOXO Drama
The Pass	2016	6.0	6.0	In a hotel room in Bulgaria, the night before a major match, two aspiring Premier League players eagerly await the 90 minutes that will decide their future careers. As teammates play silly games and talk about girls, fame and the good game, tension rises in the air. In an atmosphere ready to explode, one of the two kisses the other, marking the beginning of a new game.  Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies The lives and careers of two professional soccer players are profoundly impacted by a single moment of intimacy that took place between them. The Pass Drama
Operation Mekong	2016		4.0	Along the banks of the Mekong River is the so-called Golden Triangle, one of the largest drug cartels in the world. The Chinese government instructs Ko to investigate 13 bodies and a shipment of drugs that ended up in the river. Meanwhile, Fong, a secret service agent, is on the trail of a feared drug trafficker. The two will have to work together but one of them is hiding a secret.  Action & Adventure, International Movies In a dangerous area of the Mekong River, a drug raid ending in 13 deaths arouses the suspicions of a narcotics officer who sets out to find the truth. Operation Mekong Action
Mute	2018	5.0	5.0	In the year 2046, Berlin has become a crossroads of immigrants, a place where East and West are in constant conflict. Leo Beiler, a mute bartender, has only one reason to live there and is represented by his beloved, who disappeared into thin air. His research takes him deep into the belly of the city, where a pair of American surgeons seem to be the only recurring clue. Leo doesn't know if he should trust the two, who may be the ones he should fear the most.  Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers When his girlfriend vanishes, a mute man ventures into a near-future Berlin's seamy underworld, where his actions speak louder than words. Mute Fantasy
The Young Offenders	2016	7.0	7.0	Conor and Jock, two untrustworthy teenage friends living in Cork, plan a bicycle trip along the coast of Ireland to transport a seven million euro shipment of drugs lost from a boat, which could prove their greatest luck. The plan seems to be perfect but they have not dealt with the cunning of the local police, with a psychotic drug trafficker and with Conor's single mother. Inspired by the true story of Ireland's largest cocaine seizure in 2007. Comedies, International Movies Never ones to think things through, two Irish teens steal bicycles and set off to the coast to find a bale of cocaine from a smuggler’s capsized ship. The Young Offenders Comedy
The Worthy	2016		4.0	In a dystopian future, a truck driver picks up a hitchhiker who, with his face marked by anguish, invites him to beware of the Black Flags before leaving. The driver is Shuaib, a man who lives in a warehouse with his children and a small group of survivors seeking refuge with the only clean water source left in the area. When two strangers infiltrate the compound, Shuaib and the others become pawns in a brutal test for survival, in which only one of them can be chosen as ""worthy"" and live on.  International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers In the near future, with civilization a thing of the past, a man puts his family in peril when he reluctantly lets outsiders into his compound. The Worthy Thriller
The Monster	2016	4.4	4.0	Kathy and daughter Lizzy get lost in the woods. They end up being trapped in the middle of a tremendous forest. As if that weren't enough, they are chased by a terrible creature that is neither human nor animal. Amidst horror and primal chaos, they will redefine their relationship as mother and daughter.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies A troubled mother-daughter relationship faces the ultimate test when the duo’s broken-down car leaves them trapped within reach of a vicious creature. The Monster Horror
The Drowning	2016		4.0	Tom Seymour, a forensic psychologist, is walking with his wife when he sees a man throw himself into the freezing waters of a river. Instinctively she saves him and discovers that he is facing Danny Miller, the same young man who 12 years earlier had saved with his expertise from a murder charge. When Danny begins to appear mysteriously around town and befriends his wife, Tom begins to have strange premonitions. Based on Pat Baker's novel Border Crossing. Thrillers Child psychologist Tom Seymour's testimony helped convict a boy of murder. Years later, their paths cross again, raising uncomfortable questions. The Drowning Drama
The Bachelors	2017	7.0	6.0	After the loss of his wife, Bill Ponder and 17-year-old son Wes move from their hometown to the city in an attempt to rebuild their lives. As they try to adjust to their new life and heal their wounds, they both find solace in a romance. While Wes meets the introverted Lacy, Bill meets the compassionate and elegant teacher Carine. When their relationships are tested, father and son will have to rediscover each other before they can determine their future.  Dramas After the death of his wife, a teacher and his son move to a new city, where emotional connections with two women help them begin to heal. The Bachelors Comedy
The Cloverfield Paradox	2018	4.8	5.0	Sent into space to solve an energy crisis and avert the destruction of planet Earth, some scientists have to contend with a dark alternate reality.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. The Cloverfield Paradox Horror
Come and Find Me	2016		5.0	When his girlfriend goes missing, David has to figure out what happened to her and where she ended up, after realizing that the girl was not who she pretended to be.  Dramas, Thrillers When his photographer girlfriend vanishes, an L.A. graphic designer starts his own investigation and uncovers a web of deceit, crime and corruption. Come and Find Me Drama
To the Bone	2017	6.33	6.0	Ellen is a twenty year old girl who fights the demon of anorexia. With the help of an unconventional doctor, he will be able to face the challenges his illness entails and find the right path for his existence.  Dramas, Independent Movies Ellen, a 20-year-old with anorexia nervosa, goes on a harrowing, sometimes funny journey of self-discovery at a group home run by an unusual doctor. To the Bone Drama
The Music of Silence	2017	5.0	6.0	Amos Bardi was born with the gift of a voice that manifests itself of great value since childhood. However, he suffers from a serious eye problem that makes him almost blind and that forces him to an ordeal of surgery. Soon, Amos must separate from his family to enter an institution for the blind and learn Braille. But it is precisely there that a terrible accident happens to him, a ball in the face that leads him to total blindness. Despite everything, he does not give up. Moved by great aspirations and interests (a passion for singing, a love for horses, mopeds and bicycles, a law degree), his life will be a relentless challenge until he manages to grab his first real success. on stage with the performance of the ""Miserere"". From then on he begins an existence studded with victories but in which, moment by moment, he silently continues his daily mission of those who, in order to be like others, in every gesture and in every moment, must do more than others. Taken from the biography of the same name by Andrea Bocelli. Dramas, International Movies, Music & Musicals Based on the autobiography by tenor Andrea Bocelli, this musical biopic chronicles his life from his bumpy childhood to his meteoric rise to fame. The Music of Silence Biography
A Wrinkle in Time	2018	4.67	4.0	After the mysterious disappearance of their scientist father, teenage Meg, younger brother Charles and their friend Calvin are sent into space on his trail by three transcendental creatures: What is, Who and Which. They will discover that the Earth is threatened by dark forces trying to take over.  Children & Family Movies Years after their father disappears, Meg and her younger brother Charles Wallace cross galaxies on a quest to save him from the heart of darkness. A Wrinkle in Time Adventure
Sun Dogs	2017		7.0	Following his third failed attempt to join the military, misfit Ned Chipley takes a Navy officer's advice to ""protect the home front"" a little too seriously. Determined to find a purpose in life, Ned turns his radar on a casino manager, who may be an Al Qaeda criminal mastermind, and enlisted the help of a runaway named Tally Petersen. Together they will form the most unlikely of counterterrorism units post 9/11 America has ever known.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Rejected by the Marines but eager to serve his country after 9/11, a simple-minded man performs amateur terrorist surveillance with a young runaway. Sun Dogs Comedy
Iron Sky: The Coming Race	2019	4.5	4.0	The former Nazi base on the moon has become the last refuge of mankind. The Earth has been devastated by a nuclear war but deep in the desert lies the last resort to save what remains of humanity (or destroy it once and for all). The truth behind man's creation will be revealed when the last survivors are called to fight the Vril, an ancient race of shape-shifting reptiles, and their army of dinosaurs. Sequel to Iron Sky (2012). Action & Adventure, Comedies, International Movies Decades after a nuclear war, survivors on the moon revisit Earth to locate a potential power source – and find shape-shifting reptiles instead. Iron Sky: The Coming Race Fantasy
Death Note	2017	5.5	4.0	After discovering a supernatural notebook that has the power to allow anyone to be killed, a student begins a personal crusade against Evil in order to rule the world as a benevolent god to humanity. A deadly game of cat and mouse begins when a lone detective follows the young man's trail in an attempt to put an end to his actions once and for all. Adaptation of the manga of the same name. Horror Movies, Thrillers Light Turner finds a supernatural notebook and uses it to mete out death, attracting the attention of a detective, a demon and a girl in his class. Death Note Thriller
Kings	2017	5.5	6.0	Los Angeles, 1992. In the South Central neighborhood lives the African-American single mother Millie, who takes care of some boys and children destined for adoption. The woman feels attracted to the white neighbor Obie, despite being a weird drunkard. Due to the acquittal of the policemen accused of beating Rodney King, despite the overwhelming video evidence, a revolt of African Americans and Hispanics breaks out, which for six days will set the city on fire.  Dramas A foster mom and her houseful of kids befriend a bitter neighbor after the Rodney King verdict is handed down in 1992 Los Angeles. Kings Drama
Small Crimes	2017		4.0	After being in jail for the attempted murder of a district attorney, former cop Joe Denton returns home in search of redemption. An embarrassment to his parents and abandoned by his ex-wife, Joe thinks nothing could be worse until he realizes he's in the sights of a corrupt sheriff and a mob boss who seems to know too much.  Dramas, Thrillers After serving a six-year prison sentence, an ex-cop tries to rebuild his life in his hometown, but gets caught up in the fallout from his past. Small Crimes Thriller
When We First Met	2018		4.0	Noah spends a perfect evening with Avery, the girl of his dreams, who, however, considers him only a good friend. He then spends the next three years wondering what went wrong. One day, however, he has the unexpected chance to travel back in time and change that evening and his fate over and over again.  Comedies, Romantic Movies Using a magical photo booth that sends him back in time, Noah relives the night he met Avery over and over, trying to persuade her to fall for him. When We First Met Comedy
Sandy Wexler	2017	6.5	5.0	Sandy Wexler is a talented manager who worked in Los Angeles during the 1990s diligently representing a group of eccentric clients on the fringes of the entertainment world. His devotion to work is put to the test when he falls in love with new client Courtney Clarke, a singer discovered in an amusement park.  Comedies When a hapless but dedicated talent manager signs his first client who actually has talent, his career finally starts to take off. Sandy Wexler Comedy
How to Be a Latin Lover	2017		4.0	A Latin lover no longer very young is forced to return to live with his sister with whom he has not had relations for some time and with her son after being left by the mature woman who supported him.  Comedies When an aging Lothario gets the boot from his sugar mama, he must pull out all the stops to find a new female sponsor. How to Be a Latin Lover Comedy
Deep	2016		5.0	In a future in which humans have abandoned the Earth and the sea level has covered the planet, the adventurous Deep octopus, the last of its kind, lives with other aquatic species in a strip of territory protected by the mythical Kraken. When an accident destroys their home in the deepest crevice of the ocean, Deep and his friends will be forced to find a new home, challenging formidable enemies and facing situations that are now dangerous, now hilarious.  Crime TV Shows, International TV Shows, TV Dramas As he grapples with a life-threatening illness, a police investigator tracks the explosion of a new synthetic drug on the streets of Paris. Deep Animation
Hostiles	2017	6.79	7.0	In 1892 Blocker, a legendary army captain, reluctantly agrees to escort a Cheyenne chief and his family through dangerous and hostile territory to Montana. Complicating the journey, in addition to old and new enemies, will be the further presence of a widow, who has seen her loved ones perish in a massacre.  Dramas After a long career battling the Cheyenne, a U.S. Army captain is ordered to safely escort the tribe's most influential chief to his Montana homeland. Hostiles Adventure
Band Aid	2017		4.0	A couple who can't stop arguing embark on the most unlikely of efforts to save their marriage. The two decide to turn their quarrels into songs and put together a band.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A young married couple tries to save their disintegrating relationship by turning their fights into songs, with the help of an oddball neighbor. Band Aid Comedy
I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore	2017	7.0	6.0	After being robbed, depressed Ruth discovers she has a new purpose in life: tracking down the thieves with the help of her nasty neighbor. But soon the two will find themselves having to deal with a bunch of degenerate criminals.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers A timid nursing assistant gets a new lease on life when she and a neighborhood loner track down the degenerates who broke into her house. I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore Drama
God's Own Country	2017	6.67	7.0	In Yorkshire, it is spring when Johnny Saxby, an isolated young farmer, drowns his daily frustrations by drinking and indulging in casual sex. The arrival of a worker of Romanian origin, employed for the birth season, will open new horizons for him with an intense and unexpected relationship.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies In Yorkshire, a withdrawn gay farmer begins a torrid affair with a Romanian migrant worker who shows him the depths of his capacity for affection. God's Own Country Drama
Deidra & Laney Rob a Train	2017		5.0	Two teenage girls are left alone after their single mother is arrested for getting into trouble at an electronics store. To make ends meet, they then begin to carry out robberies against trains.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies With their mother in jail and bills piling up, ambitious small-town teens Deidra and Laney plot a series of train robberies to keep themselves afloat. Deidra & Laney Rob a Train Comedy
Fun Mom Dinner	2017	6.0	4.0	Four women, whose children attend the same kindergarten class, get together for a fun mom dinner. But when the evening takes an unexpected turn, the new friends will soon realize that they have more in common than just being married and motherhood. Together, they will claim a piece of that life they were used to before.  Comedies, International Movies Four preschool moms with little in common need a night out to take a break from their kids. But one thing leads to another, and things get rowdy. Fun Mom Dinner Comedy
The Incredible Jessica James	2017		6.0	New York-based aspiring playwright Jessica James is trying to get over a recent romantic breakup. She is finally able to see the end of her grief thanks to meeting with Boone, recently divorced. Together, they will discover how to cope with the hard times they are experiencing as they realize they like each other.  Comedies, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York City playwright makes an unlikely connection with a divorced app designer she meets on a blind date. The Incredible Jessica James Comedy
Mudbound	2017	5.7	7.0	In the south of the United States, after World War II, two families find themselves on opposite sides of the barbaric social scale. Against the backdrop of an uncompromising context, they will fight their battles both inside and outside the home, confronting issues such as friendship, legacy and the endless struggle for and against the land.  Dramas, Independent Movies Two Mississippi families – one black, one white – confront the brutal realities of prejudice, farming and friendship in a divided World War II era. Mudbound Drama
Bad Day for the Cut	2017		7.0	A middle-aged Irish farmer still lives at home with his mother. When the old woman is killed, she will initiate a plan of revenge for which the realization will not stop at any obstacle.  Independent Movies, International Movies, Thrillers A mild-mannered, middle-aged Irish farmer devoted to his mother embarks on a violent quest for revenge when she's murdered in a home invasion. Bad Day for the Cut Drama
Bushwick	2017	6.0	5.0	Stepping out of a Brooklyn subway stop, Lucy discovers that her neighborhood is under attack by some black-clad military men. Stupe, a former Marine member, will reluctantly help her survive the civil war sparked by Texas's attempted secession from the United States.  Action & Adventure, Independent Movies When their diverse neighborhood is besieged by a mysterious militia, a grad student and an ex-Marine become an unlikely team in a battle for survival. Bushwick Action
The Little Hours	2017	5.33	6.0	A young servant, on the run from her master, takes refuge in a dysfunctional convent in Tuscany in the Middle Ages.  Comedies, Independent Movies Life at a convent takes an unruly turn when three unconventionally opinionated nuns cross paths with a tempting new gardener. The Little Hours Comedy
XX	2017	7.0	5.0	All-female horror anthology composed of four dark tales starring four killers.  Horror Movies This four-part anthology of short horror films features stories that include some traditional themes but all are shown from a female point of view. XX Horror
The Heyday of the Insensitive Bastards	2017		5.0	Seven different interconnected stories explore the differences between fantasy and reality, memories and history, and the joy and agony of the human condition, dealing with themes such as ambition, love, loss and memory. Based on short stories by writer Robert Boswell. Dramas, Independent Movies An all-star cast brings to life the short stories of author Robert Boswell in this anthology series of vignettes set in modern-day America. The Heyday of the Insensitive Bastards Comedy
Pandora	2016	3.0	6.0	A nuclear power plant is being built in a quiet town in South Korea. For the jobs and the new opportunities created, everyone seems to appreciate the power plant, except for Jae-hyuk who lost his father and brother to an accident during their work at the plant. Against his own will, Jae-hyuk is forced to work at the plant. Over time, the plant undergoes a slow corrosion process of the structures and an unexpected earthquake causes an explosion. It will be then that Jae-hyuk will have the fate of those he loves on his shoulders and will start an impossible battle by risking his own life.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers When an earthquake hits a Korean village housing a run-down nuclear power plant, a man risks his life to save the country from imminent disaster. Pandora Thriller
Our Souls at Night	2017	5.5	6.0	In Holt, a small Colorado town, Addie Moore makes an unexpected visit to her neighbor, Louis Waters. Both widowers for years, despite living side by side, have never had many opportunities for contact. Since their respective children are far away, the two live alone in their large houses. Thanks to the visit, Addie and Louis start dating to make sense of the time they have left to live.  Dramas, Romantic Movies After widowed neighbors Addie and Louis begin sleeping in bed together platonically to alleviate their loneliness, a real romance begins to blossom. Our Souls at Night Drama
Icarus	2017	5.0	7.0	While investigating doping cases in the world of sport, director Bryan Fogel comes into contact with Grigory Rodchenkov, a Russian scientist and pillar of his country's anti-doping program. Over the course of dozens of Skype calls, Fogel and Rodchenkov deepen their knowledge in spite of the shocking accusations that have placed the luminary at the center of Russia's state doping program for its athletes at the Olympics, leaving a very complex truth to emerge. and revealing unexpected power plays behind one of the biggest international sports scandals man remembers.  Documentaries, Sports Movies An American filmmaker and cyclist unwittingly wades into a global scandal when a Russian scientist leaks shocking details of a vast doping conspiracy. Icarus Documentary
Coin Heist	2017		4.0	When a crisis threatens to destroy the high school they attend, four teens come up with a bold plan to raise the $ 10 million sum. The first step, however, involves the raid on the US Mint, the US body in charge of producing circulating money.  Children & Family Movies, Dramas When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint. Coin Heist Action
Clinical	2017	5.0	4.0	A psychiatrist tries to put the pieces of her life back together after a violent assault. However, he will realize that he cannot escape his past.  Horror Movies, Thrillers A psychiatrist is plagued by flashbacks to a terrifying attack as she treats a new patient who was horribly disfigured in an accident. Clinical Thriller
Naked	2017	4.0	4.0	Rob Anderson is ready to marry the girl of his dreams but cannot reach the altar. Whenever he gets close, he finds himself waking up naked in the elevator of his hotel, forced to relive the beginning of his wedding day over and over again.  Comedies, Romantic Movies Rob's madly in love and about to be married. Unfortunately, he's also naked, stuck in an elevator and caught in a time loop. Naked Comedy
David Brent: Life on the Road	2016		5.0	David Brent dreamed of becoming a superstar. But not much has happened in his life. works as a traveling salesman and still pursues his dream. Collecting his pension and trying to turn his life around while waiting for the last stroke of luck and fame, he assembles a group of musicians (who play only for money) and a talented rapper named Dom. Based on the popular character from the TV series The Office. Comedies, International Movies With ""The Office"" long in the past, middling salesman David Brent ditches work and goes on tour with his rock band in a disastrous stab at stardom. David Brent: Life on the Road Comedy
Take the 10	2017		4.0	Two friends, a drug dealer and a store manager, experience a mind-blowing series of events in an attempt to reach the hip hop concert of their life in Ireland.  Comedies Two buddies working dead-end cashier jobs endure a mind-blowing series of events on their quest to get to the hip-hop show of their lives. Take the 10 Comedy
The Lovers	2017	6.0	5.0	A couple who have been married for some time doesn't have much to say to each other. Husband and wife both have well-established extramarital affairs and decide to divorce accordingly. While they will be filing the divorce request, they will see the feeling that united them rekindled and that they believed was now extinct forever.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies On the verge of divorce, a middle-aged couple, each involved in a serious affair, rethink their marriage and the meaning of love and fidelity. The Lovers Comedy
Newness	2017	5.67	5.0	In Los Angeles, two young millennials - who move in a context where social media marks their daily existence - start a relationship that pushes both far beyond emotional and physical boundaries.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Martin and Gabi try to form a relationship after meeting through a hookup app, but when boredom creeps in, they seek out an unconventional solution. Newness Drama
Sicilian Ghost Story	2017	7.0	6.0	Thirteen-year-old Luna and Giuseppe are two very different schoolmates but in love with each other. Their love, however, will have the power to subvert the laws of time and space to defeat a dark world dominated by death when Giuseppe, the son of a mafia boss, is kidnapped.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers When officials are slow to investigate a mysterious disappearance, a teen girl searches the dark woods on the outskirts of town for the boy she loves. Sicilian Ghost Story Drama
Dream Boat	2017	4.0	6.0	On board a cruise ship for male homosexuals only, there is a social microcosm that differs from that of everyday life. Those who often represent a minority in a heterosexual world have no ""opponents"" to fight with or women to interact with. Furthermore, many of the guests come from countries where being gay represents a serious risk.  Documentaries, International Movies, LGBTQ Movies On a cruise for gay men, five passengers of different nationalities take a break from their families and cultures to party and reflect on life. Dream Boat Documentary
Girlfriend's Day	2017		3.0	In a city where greeting card writers are celebrated as movie stars, romantic writer Ray Wentworth used to be treated like royalty. In an effort to find the inspiration that made him the greatest of them all, Ray ends up entangled in a web of murder and deception as all the writers compete to create the perfect postcard for a new party: Girlfriend's Day.  Comedies, Independent Movies When he's caught up in a deadly conspiracy, an unemployed greeting card writer must create the perfect card for a new holiday to save his skin. Girlfriend's Day Drama
Hostages	2017	6.5	6.0	The desire for freedom and independence quickly turns into violence for Nika and Ana, a young Georgian couple. In 1983, the day after their wedding, Nika and Ana hijack a civilian plane flying from Tbilisi to Batumi to escape the Soviet Union and land in Turkey.  Documentaries, International Movies Witnesses recount the shocking 1996 hostage crisis in Lima, Peru, where rebels held scores of high-level figures captive at an ambassador's residence. Hostages Drama
The Breadwinner	2017	6.63	8.0	Parvana is an 11-year-old who grew up under the Taliban regime in Kabul in 2001. When her father is unjustly arrested, Parvana decides to dress up as a man to be able to work and thus take care of her family at a time when, in Afghanistan, women cannot. living freely. She thus puts her life at risk to save her family and find out if her father is still alive, drawing strength from the very stories that her parent told her to let her know the history of her country. Based on a Deborah Ellis best seller. Children & Family Movies, Dramas, International Movies A courageous 11-year-old Afghan girl disguises herself as a boy and takes on odd jobs to provide for her family when her father is arrested. The Breadwinner Animation
The Most Hated Woman in America	2017		6.0	A chronicle of the events that led to the death of Madalyn Murray O'Hair in 1995, founder of the non-profit organization American Atheists and pioneering political agitator. A complex character, Madalyn is regarded by some as a controversial figure and by others as an unlikely heroine.  Dramas This drama follows the controversial life of outspoken atheist Madalyn Murray O'Hair, from her landmark court battles to her infamous abduction. The Most Hated Woman in America Drama
Small Town Crime	2017	6.0	7.0	Former cop Mike Kendall discovers the body of a young woman and takes it into his head to find her killer. While his unorthodox style makes progress in solving the case, his stubborn determination unintentionally puts his family in danger.  Thrillers When a disgraced ex-cop discovers a dying woman, he's compelled to track down her killer – an act of self-redemption that takes him down a dark path. Small Town Crime Thriller
Win It All	2017	6.0	3.0	Eddie Garrett is a small gambler who agrees to guard a duffel bag on behalf of an acquaintance direct to jail. When he discovers money in the bag, he is unable to resist the temptation and ends up in debt up to his neck. As the purse holder's release from prison approaches, Eddie has little time to get the game money back.  Comedies, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies After losing $50,000 that wasn't his, gambling addict Eddie starts to rebuild his life. But an unwelcome surprise pushes him toward his old ways. Win It All Comedy
Mary Poppins Returns	2018	5.45	6.0	In 1930s London, Michael and Jane have now grown up. Michael, his three children and their housekeeper Ellen, live in Cherry Tree Lane when, after a painful personal loss, the enigmatic nanny Mary Poppins returns to the life of the Banks family. With the help of the optimist lamplighter Jack, Mary Poppins will use her magical skills to help the family rediscover joy and happiness by relying on her extravagant connections.  Children & Family Movies, Music & Musicals In 1930s London, Michael Banks and his three children get some help turning their topsy-turvy world around when his magical childhood nanny reappears. Mary Poppins Returns Musical
Super Dark Times	2017	6.2	7.0	In that minefield that is secondary school, Zach and Josh know they can always count on each other. Typical teenagers of the American suburbs of the nineties, they are grappling with the problems related to their age every day until one day a traumatic accident marks their lives. Separated from Josh, Zach sees his life becoming increasingly complicated and dangerous.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers A tragic accident drives a wedge between two teenage boys, threatening a friendship that had seemed firm and unshakeable. Super Dark Times Drama
1 Mile to You	2017	5.0	5.0	After the death of his best friends in a car accident, teenager Kevin discovers that running is the only way to keep the memories of his friends and memories alive. Running by participating in races, however, also brings him a certain notoriety and soon Kevin will be forced to choose between keeping the past alive and creating new memories in the present.  Dramas, Romantic Movies, Sports Movies After escaping the bus accident that killed his girlfriend, a high school student channels his grief into running, with the help of a new coach. 1 Mile to You Drama
Bright	2017	4.25	5.0	In an alternate present where fairies and orcs live together with humans, two very different policemen operate. One night Ward, a human, and Jakoby, an ogre, set out on a regular patrol ride, which however will upset the future of the world they are used to. The two find themselves having to overcome their personal differences and fight against an aggressive enemy, working together to protect a young elf and an object that was thought to have been forgotten and which, in the wrong hands, would lead to total destruction.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In an LA rife with interspecies tensions, a human cop and his orc partner stumble on a powerful object and become embroiled in a prophesied turf war. Bright Action
Chappaquiddick	2017	6.5	6.0	The life and political career of 28-year-old Senator Ted Kennedy derailed following the controversial car accident that cost the life of Mary Jo Kopechne, a young strategist in his election campaign, in 1969.  Dramas Senator Ted Kennedy watches his future unravel in the wake of an infamous car crash as family and allies vie to protect his reputation. Chappaquiddick Drama
Anon	2018	5.43	6.0	In the near future, there is no longer any privacy or anonymity. Everyone's memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In an attempt to solve a series of murders without guilty, Sal Frieland runs into a woman who subverts every rule of the system and who has disappeared into thin air. The stranger has no identity, has no history, has no recorded memory and could lead to a new outbreak of crime. Before becoming her next victim, Sal will do anything to track her down.  Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers In a future where technology has rendered privacy obsolete, a detective investigates a serial assassin who has been deleted from all visual records. Anon Fantasy
24 Hours to Live	2017	5.0	5.0	After an experimental surgery brings him back to life for just one day, killer Travis Conrad has 24 hours to team up with the super spy who killed him, take revenge on the powerful criminal organization that murdered his wife and son, and seek redemption. for his sins.  Action & Adventure Revived by an experimental procedure, a hit man gets to live an extra 24 hours – which he uses to avenge his dead wife and child and redeem himself. 24 Hours to Live Thriller
The Endless	2017	5.25	5.0	Years after escaping a cult as teenagers, brothers Aaron and Justin return to their former home following a mysterious message. When strange events begin to occur, neither can deny how they seem to mirror the axioms of the cult they were a part of.  Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began. The Endless Horror
The Clapper	2017	5.0	5.0	Eddie Krumble by profession is an audience on television programs. But he gains unwanted notoriety when an evening talk show turns his life into a national obsession, threatening his fledgling relationship with gas attendant Judy.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies A newcomer ekes out a living in LA as a professional audience member on infomercials, but life gets complicated when he's thrust into the spotlight. The Clapper Comedy
The Pirates of Somalia	2017	5.0	5.0	When he has a casual close encounter with his idol, journalist Jay Bahadur decides to revolutionize his daily life and moves to Somalia in search of the story that will change his life forever. In contact with a local hook, he will attempt to infiltrate the world of Somali pirates and quickly find himself in the middle of trouble. Based on a true story. Dramas An aspiring journalist travels to Somalia in hopes of making a name for himself by covering dangerous pirates and hijackers. The Pirates of Somalia Biography
Take Me	2017		4.0	Ray is in the loop of kidnappings, an understandably worn out business. However, he has an unexpected opportunity when he receives a mysterious call from someone who hires him for a weekend kidnapping. The work will not turn out to be what it seemed.  Comedies, Independent Movies With his simulated kidnapping business flagging, an entrepreneur jumps at a weekend abduction opportunity – only to find the job isn't what it seems. Take Me Comedy
AlphaGo	2017		7.0	By following simple rules but having an infinite number of possible outcomes in front of it, the ancient Chinese game Go has long been considered the privileged testing ground for research on artificial intelligence. Director Greg Kohs documents how Google's DeepMind team hired one of the world's best Go players for a tournament against a computer, revealing a lot about the workings of the human mind and the future of artificial intelligence.  Documentaries Seemingly simple but deceptively complex, the game of ""Go"" serves as the backdrop for this battle between artificial intelligence and man. AlphaGo Documentary
Get Me Roger Stone	2017		7.0	With his tailored suits and collection of Nixon memorabilia, political agitator Roger Stone has been a symbol of Republican politics since the 1970s but has always been considered an outsider. Despite his success, his views and policies were publicly rejected by the conservative mainstream. The political rise decades later of Donald Trump (with all his excesses) will instead show how Stone was nothing but ahead of his time.  Documentaries Examine the rise, fall and rebirth of political operative Roger Stone, who's been an influential member of Team Trump for decades. Get Me Roger Stone Documentary
Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story	2017	7.0	8.0	Many know the beauty of Hedy Lamarr but few know what a prodigious mind she had. Immigrated to Hollywood in the 1940s, she acted by day and by night she devoted herself to studying scientific applications and producing real inventions, as a secret communication system to be used by allies to fight the Nazis. Director Alexandra Dean therefore focuses on the key role played by the actress during World War II, despite never having received any honor or official recognition from the army.  Documentaries An unearthed audio interview of Hollywood icon Hedy Lamarr reveals a woman with brains as well as beauty, who was the first to patent frequency hopping. Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story Documentary
Blue Mountain State: The Rise of Thadland	2016		2.0	Blue Mountain State football star Thad Castle signed a multi-million dollar deal with one of the NFL teams leaving his college life and teammates behind. However, when a new school dean threatens to clean up the Blue Mountain State image, Alex, Sammy and the other kids will have to find a way to get Thad to help them. Despite the newfound fame and fortune, there's one more thing Thad will need to do before he finally says goodbye to the past: the biggest party Blue Mountain State remembers. Continuation of the adventures of the characters of the television series Blue Mountain State. Comedies New NFL star Thad buys his old teammates' beloved frat house, renames it Thadland and throws the raunchiest, most debauched party in school history. Blue Mountain State: The Rise of Thadland Comedy
Bokeh	2017	6.0	6.0	When a flash of light hits the sky during their romantic Iceland vacation, Jenai and Riley quickly realize that all the people on Earth have disappeared. Their struggle for survival and the desire to understand what happened will lead them to reconsider everything they know about themselves and the world.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy After learning they are the sole survivors of an eerie apocalypse, a young American couple on vacation in Iceland ponder their love and the future. Bokeh Drama
Speech & Debate	2017		6.0	Three teenagers are forced to share their paths following a series of setbacks. Frustrated by their parents, teachers and school board, the three will set out to make their voices heard by reviving an old discussion club to address the situation and find a solution to take over the world. Adaptation of a play by Stephen Karam. Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Fed up with the hypocrisy of the adults around them, three creative high school misfits revive an old debate club as a way to fight back. Speech & Debate Comedy
Peter Rabbit	2018	5.33	5.0	Peter Rabbit's struggle with Mr. McGregor intensifies both over the treasures of the man's garden and the attentions of his animal-loving neighbor. Inspired by Beatrix Potter children's books. Children & Family Movies, Comedies In this mix of live action and CGI, rascally Peter Rabbit faces a tough new foe in his ongoing battle for the veggies in Mr. McGregor's garden. Peter Rabbit Animation
Jailbreak	2017	6.5	6.0	What seemed like a normal routine operation turns into utter chaos when inmates from the Cambodian Koh Kla prison take over the prison. A special team of law enforcement officers remain trapped in the prison and will have to compete with the inmates to complete the mission of protecting a key witness and to save their own lives.  Action & Adventure, International Movies Four cops escorting a mobster to a high-security prison fight for survival when a gang boss orchestrates a riot from outside to silence their charge. Jailbreak Action
Apostle	2018	6.0	5.0	1905. Thomas Richardson travels to a distant island to save his sister after being kidnapped by a mysterious religious sect demanding a ransom to free her. It will soon become clear that the sect will bitterly regret challenging Thomas, who is able to delve into the deepest secrets and lies the cult has been based on for years.  Horror Movies, International Movies, Thrillers In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island. Apostle Thriller
Veronica	2017		4.0	A middle-aged psychologist, who has stopped practicing for years, decides to take up the case of Veronica, a young woman whose treatment was mysteriously interrupted by an old psychology professor who later disappeared. As a condition, she asks the patient to stay with her in her country house for the duration of the treatment. Here, they will both discover what lies behind their deepest secrets.  Horror Movies, International Movies, Thrillers In 1991 Madrid, after holding a séance at school, a teen girl minding her younger siblings at home suspects an evil force has entered their apartment. Veronica Drama
Verónica	2017	6.75	6.0	Since the death of her father, Veronica has been taking care of her younger brother and sister. One day, during a total solar eclipse, Veronica and two friends decide to use a Ouija board to invoke the spirit of their father. At the peak of the eclipse, Veronica goes into a kind of trance, scaring her friends. This marks the beginning of small and strange changes in her life that lead her to think that she has brought her father back to the world of the living. In an attempt to free himself from his presence, he will end up unleashing something far more terrifying that he will have to face bravely.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies A reclusive psychologist agrees to treat a patient – whose therapist is missing – at her remote cabin, where the women test each other's boundaries. Verónica Horror
Shimmer Lake	2017		5.0	A local sheriff finds himself having to deal with a bank robbery that went wrong and the three suspected of having attempted the heist. Among the latter, there is also his brother.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers Unfolding in reverse time, this darkly comic crime thriller follows a local sheriff hunting three bank robbery suspects, one of whom is his brother. Shimmer Lake Thriller
You Get Me	2017		4.0	Tyler is madly in love with Ali, the perfect girlfriend. A great challenge pushes his existence out of control and takes him into the arms of sexy Holly, who makes him live a night he will never forget. The next morning, Tyler is forced to deal with a situation that not even his brightest fantasy could imagine.  Dramas, Thrillers After a one-night stand, Holly develops a dangerous obsession with Tyler and transfers to his high school, desperate to keep their ""romance"" alive. You Get Me Thriller
Walk with Me	2017		8.0	The narrative voice of actor Benedict Cumberbatch brings to attention the story of Thich Nhat Hanh, world famous as ""the father of awareness"" or ""the other Dalai Lama"". Thanks to the help of images collected in over three years, it offers a rare overview of a community of people who have left their families and renounced their possessions to practice the art of awareness of Thich Nhat Hanh in the Buddhist temple of Plum Village in the countryside of France.  Documentaries A community of monks in France led by Zen Buddhist master Thich Nhat Hanh offers an intimate glimpse into mindfulness practice and the monastic life. Walk with Me Documentary
Dragonheart: Battle for the Heartfire	2017		5.0	After the death of King Gareth, his powerful heirs, twin grandsons who possess the same special strengths as the dragon linked to their grandfather, are pitted against each other for the conquest of the throne. When the dragon's source of power, known as ""the heart of fire"", is stolen, not only the throne will be at stake, but the entire kingdom, which is in danger of falling if the twins do not put aside their rivalry.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When the king of Brittania dies, the dragon who shares his heart must find a new ruler, but the monarch's grandchildren go to war over the throne. Dragonheart: Battle for the Heartfire Fantasy
Inconceivable	2017	3.0	4.0	Katie, a mysterious young woman, and her daughter move to a new city to escape their past and quickly become friends with Angela Morgan, a mother who has long wanted to expand her family. As their lives intertwine, Angela and her husband Brian invite Katie to live in their home to work as a nanny. Over time, however, the fledgling friendship between the two women turns into a dangerous obsession due to Katie's morbid attachment to the Morgans' daughter.  Thrillers A couple trying to conceive invite a woman with a mysterious past to move in with them. But it's an invitation they might come to regret. Inconceivable Drama
First Kill	2017		4.0	Will, a successful Wall Street broker, in an effort to re-establish a bond with his son Danny decides to take the family on vacation to the house in the woods where he grew up. While Will and Danny are on the hunt, they witness the murder of a cop following a bank robbery gone the wrong way. Their journey takes an unexpected turn and, when Danny is taken hostage by the criminals, Will is forced to help them evade the police investigation and recover the loot.  Action & Adventure A stock broker brings his young son back to the town where he grew up for a hunting trip, but things take a dangerous turn when they witness a crime. First Kill Action
Black Panther	2018	5.88	6.0	King T'Challa, the hero known as Black Panther, returns home to the technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve his country as the new leader. However, he soon discovers that in order to protect the throne and avoid a civil war, he must seek the support of Everett K. Ross, a CIA agent, and members of the Dora Milaje, the Wakanada special forces.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy T'Challa, the superpowered new leader of the hidden, highly advanced African nation of Wakanda, strives to protect his home from enemies old and new. Black Panther Super-hero
The Wrong Babysitter	2017	2.0	5.0	A recent kidnapping puts single mom Susan on alert, worried about leaving daughter Christy at home due to a trip out of town. Fortunately, neighbor Teri offers to babysit the little girl. But when Christy disappears under circumstances that are very reminiscent of the death of her police investigator husband, Susan returns home reopening old wounds to save everything she holds dearest in the world.  Thrillers A widow searches for her missing teenage daughter, not knowing that her seemingly helpful neighbor is hiding a terrible secret. The Wrong Babysitter Thriller
OtherLife	2017		6.0	OtherLife is the name of a new and revolutionary drug developed by Ren Amari and capable of altering the temporal perception of the human brain, creating a sort of virtual reality in the mind of those who take it. Thanks to OtherLife, a few seconds of real life can feel like hours or days filled with exciting adventures. Ren hopes to use the find to heal her comatose brother but there are also other secret plans that she opposes and that would lead to the sale of OtherLife to governments wishing to solve the overcrowding of prisons by creating virtual cells.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies After inventing a drug that induces time-compressed virtual realities, young Ren grapples with partner Sam over how to use their powerful creation. OtherLife Fantasy
Rip Tide	2017	1.0	4.0	There comes a time in everyone's life when you have to decide which direction to take. For 18-year-old American model Cora, that moment has arrived: after moving to an Australian coastal city to live with her favorite aunt, she will have to figure out whether to go along with the wishes of her ambitious mother or whether to stay with the community that lovingly welcomed her.  Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Sports Movies Following an embarrassing viral video, a New York model decides to escape from her suffocating existence by visiting her faraway aunt in Australia. Rip Tide Drama
The Keeping Hours	2017		4.0	Mark and Elizabeth are a couple in love and committed to guaranteeing their son a bright future. However, a tragic car accident kills the little boy, shattering the bond between the two loving parents. Six years later, Elizabeth has become a successful writer and Mark works as a corporate lawyer. They have now separated and Elizabeth has also remarried when the repairs of the house in which the two lived forced them to return to the place where they were once happy. They will find that the home holds more than just a memory.  Dramas, Thrillers Years after the death of their only child and subsequent divorce, a couple discovers that their son's ghost continues to inhabit their former home. The Keeping Hours Drama
Milada	2017		6.0	The story of Milada Horakova, a member of the underground resistance movement that during the Second World War fought for the freedom of her country at the expense of her own.  Dramas, International Movies Politician and human rights campaigner Milada Horáková battles against all odds to defend her beliefs in a Czechoslovakia under Communist rule. Milada Biography
Cult of Chucky	2017		5.0	Locked up in a criminal asylum for four years, Nica Pierce is mistakenly convinced that she - and not the bewitched doll Chucky - murdered her entire family. When her psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic ""tool"" to facilitate her patients' group sessions (a doll with an innocent, smiling face), a series of unexplained deaths begin to haunt the facility.  Horror Movies Following a string of murders in the asylum where she's confined, Nica Pierce begins to wonder whether Chucky is real after all. Cult of Chucky Horror
Sparring	2017	6.0	7.0	Steve Landry is a boxer who has lost more fights than he has won. However, he has never given up on his career and, by now more than forty, he has one last chance to shine in the eyes of his wife and children: to be the sparring partner of the great champion Tarek M'Bareck. Not wanting to hang up his gloves just yet, Steve risks losing everything.  Dramas, International Movies, Sports Movies A middle-aged boxer with a mixed record becomes a champion's sparring partner while dreaming of one last chance to end his career with a victory. Sparring Drama
Security	2017		4.0	Eduardo 'Eddie' Deacon, a former special services veteran who is experiencing a moment of lack of luck and despair due to lack of work, is hired as a security guard at a shopping center in an unsafe neighborhood of the city. On her first night at work, she opens her doors to a young girl who has escaped from a police convoy that was taking her as a witness to a trial. On her trail, however, there is Charlie, a psychopath intent on not letting her get to the trial.  Action & Adventure After taking a job as a mall security guard, a former Marine steps up to protect a young girl who's being hunted by heavily armed mercenaries. Security Action
Hickok	2017	2.0	6.0	Notorious gunfighter and outlaw ""Wild Bill"" Hickok tries to escape his past by settling in the small town of Abilene, Kansas. The mayor, fascinated by his gun skills, offers him a job as a sheriff. Soon, a gang of outlaws will threaten Wild Bill and the laws he administers.  Action & Adventure While serving as the marshal of rowdy Abilene, Kansas, ""Wild Bill"" Hickok uses guns and gall to tidy up the lawless frontier town. Hickok Western
Savage Dog	2017		6.0	Indochina in 1959 is a lawless land controlled by criminal factions formed by the Vietnamese and Europeans. Den-Dhin-Chan Forced Labor Camp is run by four dangerous men and this is where Martin Tilman, a former Irish boxing champion, ends up. By betting on him during clandestine boxing matches, criminals know they are always making a profit. However, when the release date approaches, Tilman would like to return home but whoever manages the camp is willing to do everything to stop him.  Action & Adventure, Independent Movies A former professional boxer serving time in a brutal labor camp must fight incredible odds to gain his freedom and avenge an act of violence. Savage Dog Action
Temporada de Caza	2017	5.0	5.0	Ernesto is a respected hunting guide who lives in Patagonia with his new family. Following the death of his first wife, the man is forced to host his son, Nahuel, whom he has not seen for over ten years. Faced with the past he had left behind, Ernesto tries to contain the young man's outbursts of violence. Immersed in a hostile nature, resentment will give way to a possible relationship between the two men. Their reunion will lead them to confront their ability to kill and forgive.  Dramas, International Movies Animosity gives way to love and forgiveness when an angry teenager reunites with his estranged biological father in the wilds of Patagonia. Temporada de Caza Drama
Manhunt	2017	6.75	6.0	Accused of abusive crimes he did not commit, a prosecutor sets out to safeguard his reputation while the police hunt him down.  Action & Adventure, International Movies A Chinese pharmaceutical lawyer framed for a vile crime teams up with a sharp-witted Japanese detective to stop a dangerous corporate plot. Manhunt Action
Manhunt	2017	6.75	6.0	Accused of abusive crimes he did not commit, a prosecutor sets out to safeguard his reputation while the police hunt him down.  Crime TV Shows, TV Dramas, TV Mysteries Faced with few clues and an increasingly panicked public, the FBI calls on a new kind of profiler to help track down the infamous Unabomber. Manhunt Action
Invisible	2017	5.5	6.0	Ely is 17 years old. She goes to high school and after class she works a couple of hours in a pet shop. When she finds out she is pregnant, her world collapses. She is afraid and not sure what to do but the choice she will make will have no way back.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies After learning she's pregnant, a teen grapples with the consequences while trying to go about her life as if nothing has changed. Invisible Drama
Cuba and the Cameraman	2017		8.0	For over 42 years, director Jon Alpert has followed the life of Fidel Castro and three Cuban families, affected by the consequences of the dictator's policies. Their lives are a reflection of the roller coaster of the Cuban Revolution. Due to Alpert's unprecedented access to the island and his connection with Castro himself, an unpublished portrait of Cuba and its everyday life emerges.  Documentaries Emmy-winning filmmaker Jon Alpert chronicles the fortunes of three Cuban families over the course of four tumultuous decades in the nation's history. Cuba and the Cameraman Documentary
The Devil and Father Amorth	2017	4.8	5.0	Father Gabriele Amorth performs his ninth exorcism on an Italian woman, on whom psychiatric treatments have not been able to. A long battle begins between the priest, an expert in exorcisms, and the demon who torments the woman, characterized by phrases in Latin. The event provides director William Friedkin with the opportunity to make comparisons between the techniques used for exorcisms in 2017 and those he himself illustrated in 1973 in his masterpiece, The Exorcist.  Documentaries, Horror Movies In Rome, ""Exorcist"" director William Friedkin follows a 91-year-old priest who performs a real demonic exorcism on a woman from a small Italian town. The Devil and Father Amorth Documentary
The Vault	2017	4.5	5.0	In an attempt to save their brother Michael's life, the two Dillon sisters - Leah and Vee - organize a bank robbery. Since they do not raise enough money in the upper deposit, on the advice of the bank manager Ed Maas, they rush to the lower level. Here, however, they make a terrible discovery. The two sisters will be forced to choose between facing the police outside or fighting the terrible supernatural forces that populate the basement of the bank.  Horror Movies, Thrillers A bank heist takes an unnerving turn when the three sibling robbers attempt to gain entrance into an subterranean vault with sinister secrets. The Vault Horror
Dovlatov	2018	8.0	8.0	The Russian poet Sergei Dovlatov lives in 1971 in Leningrad, where he earns his living as a writer and journalist. 1971 was a crucial year in his life: the following year he decided to leave his homeland and move to Tallinn. After the move, Dovlatov will continue to write prolifically but his stories will be constantly rejected by all Soviet magazines and newspapers.  Dramas, International Movies Over six days in 1971, brilliant writer Sergei Dovlatov encounters maddening barriers to publishing his work under the repressive Soviet regime. Dovlatov Drama
Toc Toc	2017	6.5	6.0	In the presence of an illustrious psychologist, a heterogeneous group of patients alternates, all suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder. However, one day the doctor cannot show up on time due to an unexpected delay in his flight. Patients are so forced to share a wait that it seems to have no end. For them, being able to keep manias and obsessions at bay will not be easy and chaos will soon take over.  Comedies, International Movies A group of patients with OCD wait for their flight-delayed doctor to arrive for their appointments, forcing them to endure each other's oddball quirks. Toc Toc Comedy
Mom	2017		6.0	Devki is a loving wife and loving mother of two daughters. On the surface, she lives a perfect existence and yet there is something wrong with her life: her daughter Arya cannot accept her love and presence. An unfortunate accident only increases the emotional distance between the two to a point of no return. In such a situation, Devki will be forced to make a choice not between what is right or wrong but between what is wrong and what is even more wrong.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers After her stepdaughter is sexually assaulted at a party, a furious mother sets out to destroy the lives of the four perpetrators who walked away free. Mom Drama
Plaire, aimer et courir vite	2018	5.5	7.0	Jacques Tondelli lives in Paris and is a writer. He is not yet 40 but he already has a distrust of life that prevents him from imagining that the best is yet to come. Further west, around Rennes, is Arthur Prigent. Arthur is a student, he reads and smiles a lot and believes that anything is possible. Jacques and Arthur will like each other.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies When a Paris-based writer with AIDS meets a college student exploring his sexuality, romance blossoms in his waning days. Plaire, aimer et courir vite Drama
Revenge	2017	6.21	6.0	Three wealthy business leaders in their forties, married and good fathers, gather for their annual hunt in a desert area full of canyons. One of them, however, came accompanied by his young lover, an ultra sexy lolita who immediately arouses the desire of the other two. Soon, things degenerate and in the hell of the desert the young woman, given up for dead, comes back to life. And the hunting expedition turns into a merciless manhunt.  Crime TV Shows, International TV Shows, TV Dramas After a mother and her daughter are gang-raped by seven men, the daughter suffers a mental breakdown, and the single mom sets out to get revenge. Revenge Action
Singularity	2017		3.0	In 2020, Elias van Dorne, CEO of the largest robotics company in the world, presents Kronos, his most powerful invention - a super computer designed to end all wars. When Kronos comes into operation, it becomes clear to him that the greatest threat to peace is humanity itself. He then launches a robotic attack to free the planet from man. 97 years later, a small group of humans have survived Kronos but are always on the run from robots. Against this backdrop, teenagers Andrew and Calia form an unlikely alliance to reach a new world, where humanity is said to live without being haunted by machines. But does such a world really exist? Will they be able to live long enough to find out?  Action & Adventure, Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Nearly a century after artificial intelligence tried to eradicate people from Earth, two survivors search for a human enclave rumored to still exist. Singularity Fantasy
The Lodgers	2017	6.5	5.0	In the 1920s Irish countryside, the Anglo-Irish twins Rachel and Edward confront the sinister presences that populate the family estate every night. The presences impose on the two three fundamental rules to respect: go to bed by midnight, prevent any stranger from crossing the threshold of their door and avoid running away so as not to endanger the life of the other. Returning from the front in the nearby village, war veteran Sean is immediately drawn to Rachel, who finds herself having to break the imposed rules. The consequences of Rachel's behavior will push the young woman into a deadly confrontation with her brother and the curse that haunts them.  Horror Movies, International Movies Twin siblings live under a curse in their ancestral home, but one of them is tempted to defy house rules, angering the spirits keeping them hostage. The Lodgers Horror
Wheelman	2017	5.0	6.0	An experienced criminal escape driver finds himself having to survive after a bank robbery gone horribly wrong. With a car full of money and his family in danger, he knows it's too late to figure out who betrayed him and realizes that the only person he can trust is his 14-year-old daughter.  Action & Adventure The getaway driver in a botched robbery puts his skills and smarts to the test when he receives shocking orders from an unknown caller. Wheelman Action
Indiscretion	2016		5.0	Taking advantage of the fact that her political husband and daughter are away from home, psychiatrist Veronica Simon spends a weekend with Victor, a troubled young sculptor. But, while Veronica wishes to leave it behind, Victor refuses to put an end to their relationship and will stop at nothing to have the woman all to himself. How far will Veronica be able to go and what will Veronica ever do to prevent the young man's obsession from destroying her family?  Dramas, Thrillers After a weekend fling with artist Victor, Veronica, a psychiatrist and politician's wife, becomes the target of Victor's dangerous romantic obsession. Indiscretion Thriller
One of Us	2017		6.0	Oscar-nominated documentary filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady delve into the insular world of New York's Hasidic community, focusing on three individuals trying to free themselves from the yoke of the strict rules imposed on them by religion. Plagued by the ghosts of the Holocaust, Hasidics live in fact following strict codes that discourage any contact with those who do not belong to their community.  Documentaries In the wake of trauma and abuse, three Hasidic Jews face ostracism, anxiety and danger as they attempt to leave their ultra-Orthodox community. One of Us Documentary
Gaga: Five Foot Two	2017		7.0	Musician, activist, experimenter, icon. In one word: Lady Gaga, the singer of Italian origin who in a short time made her mark on the world pop culture scene with a mix of music, fashion and glamor. By confessing her traumas, she has also prompted numerous young people to proudly claim their gender, their sexuality and their identity. But how does someone like her who is always in the spotlight live?  Documentaries, Music & Musicals Follow pop provocateur Lady Gaga as she releases a new album, preps for her Super Bowl halftime show, and confronts physical and emotional struggles. Gaga: Five Foot Two Documentary
Gerald's Game	2017	5.0	6.0	As she tries to rekindle her marriage in their remote lake home, Jessie is called upon to struggle to survive after her husband unexpectedly dies leaving her handcuffed to the headboard.  Horror Movies, Thrillers When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie – handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house – faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice. Gerald's Game Thriller
1922	2017	5.75	6.0	Wilfred James kills his wife Arlette with her son in Nebraska. After burying his body, however, he begins to be terrified of rats and, as his life falls apart, he becomes convinced that his wife is stalking him. From a story by Stephen King. Dramas, Thrillers A farmer pens a confession admitting to his wife's murder, but her death is just the beginning of a macabre tale. Based on Stephen King's novella. 1922 Thriller
Stephanie	2017	7.0	6.0	Stephanie is home alone. She doesn't know why her parents left her there but she seems to have gotten used to the situation: she appears aware of when she needs to hide to avoid the threatening presence that approaches her. Stephanie should arouse tenderness but behind her innocent eyes hides something sinister ready to reveal itself in all its strength.  Horror Movies A menacing, unseen force stalks a young girl living by herself in a suburban house, where she's surrounded by reminders of her once-happy family. Stephanie Drama
Beyond Skyline	2017	3.0	5.0	Detective Mark Korley's day doesn't start in the best way: he has to go to the police station to get his teenage son out of trouble. However, things turn for the worse when the sky is suddenly darkened by the arrival of a huge alien spacecraft. Sequel to Skyline (2010). Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In the wake of an extraterrestrial invasion, a suspended L.A. cop teams up with survivors to stop the onslaught and rescue human captives. Beyond Skyline Fantasy
Where's the Money	2017		3.0	Del, a young man who grew up on the streets of southern Los Angeles, discovers that his father, still in prison, and his uncle, who has just returned to freedom, have stolen a million dollars and that the loot has been hidden in the basement of an old woman. construction. The money appears to be irrecoverable as a large university took over the building and turned it into the residence of a fraternity. Del, however, will stop at nothing and will try the impossible to prevent the money from falling into the hands of his crazy uncle or a local gangster.  Comedies Hunting for a stash of stolen money, a sharp-witted slacker from South Central Los Angeles infiltrates an all-white college fraternity. Where's the Money Comedy
The Heretics	2017		4.0	Years after escaping from the clutches of a sect, a girl falls into the hands of a man who holds her captive again. The man claims he only wants to protect her but the young woman begins to show symptoms of a strange disease. While her family searches for her, the source of her illness comes to the fore: she is not affected by anything but is simply changing due to the demon that possesses her.  Horror Movies A withdrawn young woman hunted by a malicious cult is abducted by a brooding stranger and undergoes a bizarre transformation. The Heretics Horror
Creep 2	2017	6.25	5.0	Josef, apparently a good guy, is a lonely and psychopathic killer. But something in him is changing. But what really happens when a serial killer like him doesn't like killing anymore? Sequel to Creep (2014). Horror Movies, Independent Movies, Thrillers A video artist finds the perfect character for a sensational piece, but the subject of her dreams soon reveals his insidious side. Creep 2 Horror
Outlaw King	2018	3.0	6.0	The tale of the exceptional historical year that sees Robert the Bruce crowned King of Scotland fighting to regain control of the territory, only to be defeated and outlawed after a surprise attack by the King of England and his armies.  Action & Adventure, Dramas In 14th-century Scotland, Robert the Bruce claims the crown and leads a fierce uprising to win back the country's independence from English rule. Outlaw King History
Domino	2019	4.33	5.0	Christian is a cop from Copenhagen's special crimes unit who saw his partner die at the hands of a mysterious man named Imran, allegedly affiliated with a Danish ISIS cell. In a world shaken by terror and suspicion, Christian and Alex, a policewoman from the same district, embark on an international manhunt. But they will soon face the reality of a far more sordid plot in which a shady CIA agent uses Imran to identify and kill other ISIS members residing in Europe. In a desperate race against time, the two policemen will discover the pieces of a delicate game of fragile balances.  International Movies, Thrillers A Copenhagen police officer hunts for the man who attacked his partner, only to stumble into a high-stakes game of espionage. Domino Thriller
Voyeur	2017		6.0	In the 1960s Gerald Foos bought a motel in Colorado and filled the rooms with holes from which to spy on his guests and keep a secret diary of their sexual encounters. The writer Gay Talese wrote a book about to be published on his experience, but some discrepancies that emerged regarding Foos have called his work into question. This was followed by some often very tough encounters between the two, filmed by the cameras of directors Myles Kane and Josh Koury.  Documentaries Legendary journalist Gay Talese unmasks a motel owner who spied on his guests for decades. But his bombshell story soon becomes a scandal of its own. Voyeur Documentary
The Babysitter	2017	5.0	5.0	A 12-year-old loner falls in love with his sexy babysitter. However, he soon discovers how the young woman is part of a satanic cult that wants to kill him.  Comedies, Horror Movies When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. The Babysitter Horror
The Student	2017		6.0	After serving on a jury that wrongly convicts a man, Abigail begins her new job as a law school teacher. Also part of her class is Vincent, a very ambitious student who would do anything for a good grade. When Abigail accuses him of dishonest academic conduct, Vincent shows her his most threatening side by forcing her to do something to secure her own life.  Thrillers When a law professor fails an ambitious student for academic dishonesty, he goes to terrifying lengths to seek revenge for more than just his grade. The Student Thriller
Extinction	2018	3.0	5.0	A man must save his family from a threat from another world.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Plagued by dreams of an alien invasion, a family man faces his worst nightmare when an extraterrestrial force begins exterminating Earth's inhabitants. Extinction Fantasy
Larceny	2017	3.0	4.0	#A team of thieves break into a Mexican maximum security prison to fight against the most famous drug lord. Full of action, guns, fighting and corrupt politicians.  Action & Adventure An ex-CIA contractor turned thief is forced to head a CIA gambit to infiltrate a black ops Mexican prison and steal $50 million in drug cartel money. Larceny Action
Quién te cantará	2018		6.0	Lila is now a shadow of herself. Years before she was hailed as the most successful singer in the world while now she is forced to take to a stage again in search of fortune. A month before her return to the scene, she has an accident that causes her to lose her memory. But fate has it that Violeta, his number one admirer, comes to his rescue. Lonely and tormented cleaning lady, Violeta will help her remember who she was.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies When a near-drowning leaves a famous singer from the '90s with amnesia, she hires a karaoke singer who can imitate her to prep her for a comeback tour. Quién te cantará Drama
Pottersville	2017	4.0	4.0	It is winter in Pottersville and Maynard, a shop owner who is not sailing in good waters, is not having an easy time. During a drunken walk in the late evening, Maynard is mistaken for the legendary Bigfoot, quickly bringing mass media, onlookers and, above all, money to the zone. When a TV show's monster hunter joins the local sheriff to investigate, Maynard will do whatever it takes to protect his small town's economic revival.  Comedies, Independent Movies A man's drunken romp in a gorilla suit gets him mistaken for Bigfoot, drawing media attention and tourist dollars to his struggling small town. Pottersville Comedy
Close	2019		4.0	Sam is the toughest female bodyguard in the world, often called upon to protect high-risk targets. She is more familiar with the war zones of Vietnam than her Los Angeles apartment and, when she is offered to protect a VIP in Morocco, she accepts thinking she is facing a quick and easy job. The VIP in question turns out to be Zoe, a young and rich heiress with whom Sam does not seem to be particularly comfortable. Soon, however, the two women will have to learn to put their differences aside to defend themselves against the murder charge and those who hunt them down.  Action & Adventure, International Movies When attackers target the heiress she's protecting, battle-hardened bodyguard Sam scrambles to save her client – and teach her how to fight back. Close Thriller
The Nutcracker and the Four Realms	2018	5.25	6.0	All Clara wants is a one-of-a-kind key, capable of opening a box containing a priceless gift received from her dead mother. A golden thread leads her to the coveted key, which promptly disappears into a strange and parallel world. It is here that Clara meets a soldier named Philip, a gang of rats and the regents who preside over three different Realms: the Land of Snowflakes, the Land of Flowers and the Land of Sweets. Clara and Philip will have to challenge the ominous Fourth Kingdom, home of the tyrannical Mother Stork, to recover the key and restore harmony to the fantastic world.  Children & Family Movies When her late mother gifts her a key, Clara embarks on a dreamlike journey full of fantasy and conflict in this retelling of the holiday classic. The Nutcracker and the Four Realms Fantasy
Avicii: True Stories	2017	7.0	5.0	On March 30, 2016, worldwide award-winning producer, author and artist Avicii (aka Tim Bergling) announced that he was leaving the stage. In an intimate portrait, Avicii's story is retraced step by step - from his beginnings to success as a DJ, from the hits in the charts to his fight against the disease - through unpublished images, interviews and testimonies of his closest friends: David Guetta, Wyclef Jean, Nile Rodgers and Chris Martin of Coldplay.  Documentaries, International Movies, Music & Musicals Follow the meteoric rise of Tim Bergling, aka Avicii, from Swedish teenager to the creative force behind ""Wake Me Up,"" ""You Make Me"" and other hits. Avicii: True Stories Documentary
The Hurricane Heist	2018	4.5	5.0	As a hurricane of gigantic proportions approaches, a team of thieves infiltrates a secret facility on the US coast to attempt a blow to the US Treasury. A hurricane hunter and a Treasury agent will try to stop them.  Action & Adventure A deadly hurricane with mile-high waves provides the perfect cover for stealing $600 million from a U.S. Treasury outpost in Mississippi. The Hurricane Heist Action
Bullet Head	2017	5.5	5.0	Three criminals, after landing a big hit, find themselves trapped in a warehouse. With the police on their heels, they are also chased by a giant and ferocious dog.  International Movies, Thrillers After a daring heist, three fugitives lock themselves in a warehouse hoping to evade the police, but find a worse threat as they fight to stay alive. Bullet Head Thriller
Woody Woodpecker	2017		3.0	Lance Walters is a divorced lawyer who decides to move in with his son and new partner in a dream home in the woods. He soon discovers that to build his house he has to cut down a tree in which the hyperactive Woodpecker Woodpecker lives. Between the two begins a war to the last blow to determine who will live there.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies A rascally bird with a distinctive laugh pecks back with a vengeance when his forest habitat is threatened by a slick lawyer building his dream home. Woody Woodpecker Animation
2307: Winter's Dream	2016		2.0	In the year 2307 the Earth is completely frozen and virtually uninhabitable. The last humans left on the planet live underground while scientists have designed humanoids capable of withstanding the cold temperatures. A humanoid named ASH-393 escapes from the captivity he is held in and leads a rebellion against humanity. General Trajan, the leader of the Arizona federation, sends a squad of elite soldiers led by Commander Bishop, a decorated humanoid killer.  Action & Adventure, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In the frozen tundra of a futuristic Arizona where humans have been forced underground, a soldier hunts the bioengineered leader of a rebellion. 2307: Winter's Dream Fantasy
Avengers: Infinity War	2018	7.11	7.0	The Avengers and their allies must be prepared to sacrifice everything in an attempt to defeat the mighty Thanos before his onslaught of devastation and doom brings the universe to an end.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Superheroes amass to stop intergalactic sociopath Thanos from acquiring a full set of Infinity Stones and wiping out half of all life in the universe. Avengers: Infinity War Super-hero
Ant-Man and the Wasp	2018	6.0	6.0	Scott Lang must face the consequences of his choices as both a superhero and a father. As he struggles to manage his family life and responsibilities as Ant-Man, he is given a new and urgent mission by Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym. Scott will once again have to don his suit and learn how to fight alongside the Wasp as the team tries to shed light on the secrets of their past.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Problems big and small pop up when Scott Lang, aka Ant-Man, gets drafted by Dr. Hank Pym and Hope van Dyne, aka the Wasp, for an urgent rescue mission. Ant-Man and the Wasp Super-hero
Bottom of the World	2017		5.0	The mysterious disappearance of a woman pushes her boyfriend on a journey in search of the truth, entering a dark and hypnotically mysterious world that transcends the limits of traditional fiction.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers En route to a fresh start in Los Angeles, young couple Alex and Scarlett stop over in a sleepy Southwestern town that loosens their grip on reality. Bottom of the World Drama
El Camino Christmas	2017	4.0	5.0	Eric Roth embarks on an impulsive journey to find the father he never knew. Thus he arrives in the remote town of El Camino, in the Nevada desert, where he is mistakenly mistaken for a drug trafficker by the police. He will end up on Christmas Eve stuck inside a liquor store with five other lost souls, including his father.  Comedies, Dramas Stuck in a liquor store during an alleged robbery, a group of strangers shares hidden truths and forms an unexpected bond on Christmas Eve. El Camino Christmas Comedy
Euphoria	2018	6.27	6.0	Matteo (Riccardo Scamarcio) is a successful, unscrupulous, fascinating and dynamic young entrepreneur. His brother Ettore (Valerio Mastandrea) still lives in the small provincial town where they were both born and where he teaches in middle school. He is a cautious, upright man who has always kept a step back in the shadows to avoid making mistakes. They are two apparently very distant people. However, life forces them to get closer and a difficult situation becomes an opportunity for the two brothers to get to know each other and discover themselves surprisingly united, in a whirlwind of fragility and tenderness, fear and euphoria.  Dramas, International Movies, LGBTQ Movies An entrepreneur prone to partying and his estranged brother, a teacher resigned to a humdrum life, begin to bond under fragile circumstances. Euphoria Drama
Come Sunday	2018		5.0	Carlton Pearson, an internationally renowned pastor, is experiencing a crisis of faith. He will risk his reputation, his family and his future when he questions the doctrine of the Church and finds himself labeled as a modern heretic.  Dramas, Faith & Spirituality, Independent Movies A crisis of faith sets renowned fundamentalist preacher Carlton Pearson on a new spiritual path that jeopardizes everything he holds dear. Come Sunday Drama
The Kindergarten Teacher	2018	7.18	6.0	Lisa Spinelli is a Staten Island teacher who is unusually devoted to her students. When he discovers that a five-year-old pupil is a true prodigy, he begins to take a spasmodic interest in him, risking losing his own family and the freedom to cultivate the child's talent. Remake of The Kindergarten Teacher (2014). Dramas, Independent Movies A devoted teacher takes interest in a young student's creative potential after hearing his poetry. But she soon crosses the line into obsession. The Kindergarten Teacher Drama
We the Animals	2018		6.0	Manny, Joel and Jonah are little siblings who grow up with two not-so-model parents. As Manny and Joel increasingly resemble their father over time and Manny dreams of running away, Jonah (the youngest) imagines a world of his own to live in.  Dramas, Independent Movies A trio of brothers cope with their parents' volatile relationship by running wild and unchecked, and one of them experiences a visceral awakening. We the Animals Drama
A Christmas Prince	2017	1.0	3.0	Amber, a young editor of a magazine, has to follow the press conference of the young Prince Richard, next to the throne of the kingdom of Aldovia after the death of his father. Fate makes Amber manage to sneak into the royal palace, pretend to be the young princess's guardian, fall in love with the prince and find out that he has been adopted.  Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies Christmas comes early for an aspiring young journalist when she's sent abroad to get the scoop on a dashing prince who's poised to be king. A Christmas Prince Romantic
Bad Match	2017		6.0	Harris is a young man who seems to have it all: a good job, lots of friends and a very active sex life thanks to a series of dating apps. He also learned how to juggle his first dates, to complete them as he wants and never fall into the mistake of a second meeting. However, everything changes when he meets Riley. Unlike Harris, Riley isn't looking for just one night of sex but she wants so much more. Harris initially considers her to be very clingy but will soon discover something far more sinister.  Thrillers A player who uses the internet to facilitate his womanizing ways is tormented when he spurns a persistent woman who won't take no for an answer. Bad Match Thriller
Budapest	2018		4.0	Vincent and Arnaud have attended the most important French economics school but are bored with their jobs. Vincent works hard for a multinational without having his merits recognized. Arnaud, on the other hand, works on behalf of the company of his wife Audrey's father. On the occasion of a friend's graduation party, the two come across a stripper who tells them about Budapest and the atmosphere of the city. Vincent then has an idea that will change their lives forever: to create a company that organizes bachelor parties for French bachelors in the Hungarian capital.  Comedies, International Movies Two best friends put their careers and marriages on the line when they launch a business hosting outrageous, anything-goes bachelor parties in Hungary. Budapest Comedy
Samson	2018		5.0	Samson, a Jew with unusual physical strength, must slowly adjust to God's call, which entrusts him with the task of leading his people out of slavery. After his youthful ambition led him to a tragic marriage, Samson with his desire for revenge came into conflict with the Philistine army. As his brother mounts a revolt, Samson is seduced by a young Philistine, opening the path to his final surrender to both enemies and God.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, Faith & Spirituality The Biblical story of Samson becomes this sword-and-sandals epic about an Israelite warrior whose God-given brawn is undone by a beautiful temptress. Samson Biblical
Private Life	2018	7.67	7.0	A couple struggling with the impossibility of having children tries to keep their marriage strong. However, navigating the strange world of assisted reproduction and adoption is not easy. When Sadie, a young woman who has recently dropped out of college, enters their life, the couple will reevaluate the idea of ??a rented uterus.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Struggling to conceive, a couple in their 40s are almost out of options – until a sliver of hope arrives in the form of their visiting step-niece. Private Life Drama
Dr. Seuss' The Grinch	2018	4.0	6.0	The infamous Grinch, a cynical grouch, lives a lonely life in a cave on Mount Crumpit, with his faithful dog Max as his only company. With a cave full of strange inventions and complicated contraptions that he uses for his daily needs, the Grinch occasionally meets only his neighbors in the village of Who Knows, where he is forced to go when he runs out of food. Every year at Christmas, the Chissaranno people interrupt their peaceful solitude with their ever more sumptuous, brighter and louder celebrations. When they declare that they will celebrate Christmas three times bigger than the previous year, the Grinch realizes that he has only one way to protect peace and quiet: to steal Christmas. To do this, he decides that he will dress up as Santa Claus on Christmas Eve, even going so far as to trap an apathetic and maladjusted reindeer to make her pull the sleigh. Meanwhile, down in Who knows, a feisty little girl named Cindy Lou Chi and her gang of friends are studying them all to trap Santa as he makes his rounds to deliver presents on Christmas Eve, just to thank him for the help. given to his mother, an overworked single woman. As Christmas approaches, however, his good-natured plan risks colliding with the Grinch's more nefarious one.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies A grump with a mean streak plots to bring Christmas to a halt in the cheerful town of Whoville. But a generous little girl could change his heart. Dr. Seuss' The Grinch Animation
Studio 54	2018	7.0	6.0	Studio 54 was the epicenter of the hedonism of the 1970s. A meeting place for stars and excesses of all kinds, he followed his own rules and embodied the symbol of ostracism, the ""strange"" and the fabulous. Director Matt Tyrnauer chronicles the rise and fall of the nightclub's founders: two friends from Brooklyn, Ian Schrager and Steve Rubell, who conquered New York with such unbridled ambition that it will decree their own demise.  Documentaries This documentary follows the rapid rise and fall of the Manhattan discotheque and the glittery debauchery that attracted the city's eccentric and elite. Studio 54 Documentary
The Open House	2018	3.0	3.0	Teenager Logan Wallace and mother Naomi move into a relative's quiet mountain vacation home after a tragic event. Here, however, they find themselves besieged by strange and disturbing forces plotting against them.  Horror Movies, Thrillers Following a tragedy, a mother and her teen son move to a relative's vacant vacation home, where eerie and unexplained forces conspire against them. The Open House Horror
Day of the Dead: Bloodline	2018		2.0	In a post-apocalyptic universe, dominated by zombies, a former student is tormented by a dark figure from her past: half zombie and half man, who has decided to destroy her world.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies A former medical student battles for survival against an evil human-zombie hybrid determined to destroy her, in this reimagining of the 1985 classic. Day of the Dead: Bloodline Horror
The Irishman	2019	8.75	8.0	Frank Sheeran, a WWII veteran and trade unionist with Mafia connections, recalls his possible involvement in the killing of Jimmy Hoffa, an American union leader.  Dramas Hit man Frank Sheeran looks back at the secrets he kept as a loyal member of the Bufalino crime family in this acclaimed film from Martin Scorsese. The Irishman Biography
The Competition	2018		2.0	After a series of unfinished relationships, Lauren launches a blog supporting her ""pig theory"", according to which a man can remain faithful to his partner for only six months. But when she meets Calvin, he wants to convince her of how wrong his theory is by proposing a particular race. Choosing from five of his friends who have been in relationships for more than six months, Calvin invites Lauren to put them to the test. If three of them fall into his net, Calvin will disappear. Otherwise, Lauren will have to close her blog and open her heart to him.  Comedies, Romantic Movies After developing an ""infidelity formula"" said to repel cheating, a popular blogger crosses paths with a charming lawyer willing to put it to the test. The Competition Comedy
Christmas Inheritance	2017		7.0	To inherit her father's business, the ambitious Ellen Langford must deliver a special Christmas card to her father's former partner in Snow Falls, a city she has never visited before. When a snow storm blocks her at the local inn, Ellen will be forced to rediscover the values ​​of industriousness, selflessness and love.  Dramas, International Movies, Romantic Movies To inherit her father's company, socialite Ellen must first visit his small hometown, where she learns the value of hard work and helping others. Christmas Inheritance Romantic
Dumplin	2018		6.0	Willowdean is a little more chubby than her classmates. When everyone around her is obsessed with the election of the local miss organized by her mother, Willowdean decides to run despite anyone advising her against doing so. What starts out as a simple act of rebellion and stupid joke will gradually help her gain more confidence. Willowdean will end up surprising everyone and surprising herself.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom. Dumplin Comedy
The Week Of	2018	5.5	5.0	Two different fathers, different in all, are forced to relate when their families reunite for the marriage of their respective children. They will be forced to spend the longest week of their lives together.  Comedies Two fathers with clashing views about their children's upcoming wedding struggle to keep it together during the chaotic week before the big day. The Week Of Comedy
Irreplaceable You	2018		6.0	Abbie and Sam, friends since childhood, are betrothed but their existence is turned upside down the day the girl receives a completely unexpected diagnosis. Faced with uncertain future prospects, Abbie decides to set out herself in search of a new love for Sam who can take her place. He thus has the opportunity to forge unlikely friendships with characters like Myron, Kate and Mitch, who share the same desire to live despite being dying.  Dramas, Romantic Movies A stunning cancer diagnosis spurs Abbie to seek a future girlfriend for fiancé and childhood sweetheart Sam, who's clueless when it comes to dating. Irreplaceable You Romantic
Game Over, Man!	2018	1.0	4.0	Three friends are on the verge of securing funding for their video game when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists.  Action & Adventure, Comedies Three buddies with big dreams go from underachieving slackers to badass warriors when their posh hotel is taken over by terrorists. Game Over, Man! Comedy
The Silence	2019	4.86	5.0	In a field near New Jersey, a bat colony is attacked by parasitic insects that transform flying mammals into deadly creatures that, at the slightest noise, attack anyone who comes within range. The teenager Ally and her family soon become the target of the monsters but, thanks to the girl's highly developed senses, they manage to escape at a first attack seeking safety in the forest. The forest, however, offers only limited protection: the family must live in complete silence. In the chaos that threatens their existence, they will also understand that human beings know how to become dangerous when it comes to life and death.  Horror Movies, Thrillers With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. The Silence Horror
First Match	2018		4.0	Hardened from years of living as an orphan, a teenager from Brownsville, a Brooklyn neighborhood, realizes that fighting boys is the only way to reunite with her estranged father.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Sports Movies A tenacious high school girl raised in foster homes in the inner city tries to reconnect with her ex-con father by joining a boys wrestling team. First Match Drama
6 Balloons	2018		4.0	Over the course of a long night, Katie travels all over Los Angeles with Seth, her drug addict brother, in search of a detox center. With them, there is the man's two-year-old daughter.  Dramas, Independent Movies A loyal sister struggles to stay afloat while driving her heroin-addicted brother to a detox center and looking after his 2-year-old daughter. 6 Balloons Drama
The Breaker Upperers	2018		5.0	Mel and Jen, two women who are cynical about matters of the heart who then discovered years earlier that they had been teased by the same man, run a business that provides breakups for unhappy couples. However, when one of the two begins to develop a different conscience, their friendship is endangered.  Comedies, Independent Movies, International Movies For the right price, BFFs Jen and Mel will ruthlessly end any romance. But when one of them grows a conscience, their friendship begins to unravel. The Breaker Upperers Comedy
The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter	2018		4.0	The great hunter Buck Ferguson and trusty cameraman Don set off on a weekend of adventure to help Buck reconnect with his son Jaden.  Action & Adventure, Comedies, Dramas A star of hunting videos strives to bond with his 12-year-old son on a wilderness trip but learns familial connections can't be forced. The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter Comedy
Solo	2018		4.0	In search of the perfect wave in one of the most remote areas of the island of Fuerteventura, the young surfer Alvaro Vizcaino accidentally falls from the top of a cliff. Gravely wounded, Alvaro begins his struggle for survival: on the shores of an inaccessible bay, he spends two whole days clinging to life and enduring the heat of the day, the cold of the night, pain and thirst. In such a state, he has vivid hallucinations in which his friends, family and ex-girlfriend appear, which give him the strength he needs to keep fighting.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies In a remote area of the Canary Islands, a surfer falls off a cliff. Fighting to survive, he reflects on his life and past romance. Based on true events. Solo Drama
The Outsider	2018		7.0	An American soldier, a prisoner of war in Japan, joins the yakuza. He then embraces his lifestyle as a counterpart for the freedom he has received.  Dramas, Thrillers An American soldier imprisoned in postwar Japan enters the dark world of the yakuza, adopting their way of life in repayment for his freedom. The Outsider Thriller
Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2	2018	6.7	7.0	Together with his partner in adventure Vanellope von Schweetz, Ralph risks it all by traveling the World Wide Web in search of a spare part needed to save Sugar Rush, Vanellope's video game. Finished in a situation beyond their reach, Ralph and Vanellope will have to rely on the citizens of the Internet to help them navigate the net in the right direction.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies When video-game bad guy Ralph and best friend Vanellope discover a way onto the internet, they set off on a mission to save her broken game. Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2 Animation
Christopher Robin	2018	7.0	6.0	Now an adult, Christopher Robin is grappling with his new life, work and family, when he suddenly sees his old friend Winnie The Pooh, back from his unforgettable childhood. Pooh will allow him to rediscover the importance of those values ??that life has made him forget.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Dramas Now a careworn middle-aged man, Christopher Robin goes on a familiar adventure when his old pal Winnie the Pooh brings him to the Hundred Acre Wood. Christopher Robin Adventure
Duck Butter	2018	4.0	5.0	Two women, exhausted from dishonest relationships and abruptly ended, make a pact to spend 24 hours uninterruptedly together, including sex. Their romantic experiment should provide them with a new form of intimacy but nothing will go as planned.  Dramas, Independent Movies, LGBTQ Movies Wary of dishonesty in relationships, two young women embark on a 24-hour experiment on intimacy, but their romance flounders as the clock winds down. Duck Butter Comedy
Jonathan	2018		6.0	Jonathan is a young man with a strange condition that only his brother understands. But when he begins to desire a different life, the unique bond between the two is increasingly challenged.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Two siblings share a body, each getting it for 12 hours a day. But when one of them breaks the rules, their whole way of life comes crashing down. Jonathan Fantasy
Cargo	2018	5.0	6.0	An infected father makes his way through the zombie-filled Australian desert with his little daughter on his back. He has found a community of Aborigines who could help him contain the infection and wants to join them. Unfortunately, he only has 48 hours of life ahead of him.  Horror Movies, International Movies Amid a terrifying pandemic, a father searches the wilds of Australia for someone willing to protect and care for his infant daughter. Cargo Drama
Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile	2019	6.13	6.0	1969. Ted Bundy is charming, charismatic and handsome. And Liz Koepfler, a single mom, can't resist her charms. Together, they seem like the perfect couple but it all falls apart the day Ted is arrested on suspicion of being a serial killer. In the whirlwind of paranoia, Liz will be forced to realize that she lived with a psychopath without realizing it.  Dramas, Independent Movies Single mother Liz falls for Ted Bundy and refuses to believe the truth about his crimes for years. A drama based on a true story. Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Drama
Family Blood	2018	6.5	4.0	A former drug addict, Ellie moves to a new town with her two children. A new life, a new job and new friends are not enough to keep her out of trouble, especially after meeting a mysterious man who introduces her to a new type of addiction that can turn her into something new and terrible: a vampire.  Horror Movies A former addict moves to a new city with her children for a fresh start, but her struggle soon takes on an unexpected, supernatural dimension. Family Blood Horror
Happy Anniversary	2018		6.0	Sam and Mollie's relationship is at a crossroads. They have been together for three years and need to figure out whether to continue their relationship or break up. During the day of their third anniversary, among the memories of the past, they will take stock of the situation by retracing how they got there.  Comedies, Romantic Movies A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up. Happy Anniversary Comedy
Amateur	2018	5.0	5.0	Fourteen-year-old Terron Forte, a basketball phenomenon, is accustomed to roaming the underworld of amateurs when he is chosen by an elite school belonging to the NCAA.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Sports Movies After he's recruited to an elite prep school, a 14-year-old basketball phenom is confronted by corruption and greed in amateur sports. Amateur Drama
Zoo	2017		6.0	The year is 1941 and war is entering the life of the people of Belfast. However, it is also the year that Tom Hall will remember differently: a small elephant, just arrived at the local zoo, catches his attention. He calls him Buster and helps his father, who works at the zoo, take care of him. The advance of the war, however, draws many men to the front, including Tom's father. The problems for the boy do not take long to arrive in the figure of the father's replacement with whom he does not get along and in the news of the transfer of all the animals, with the annexed elimination of the most dangerous specimens, by order of the government. Rescuing Buster becomes the main mission for Tom: entering the structure at night with a group of kids, he kidnaps the baby elephant. Based on a true story. TV Dramas, TV Mysteries, TV Sci-Fi & Fantasy When animal species all over the world begin attacking humans, controversial zoologist Jackson Oz tries to discover the cause of the sudden change. Zoo Drama
Duck Duck Goose	2018		6.0	The unrepentant Peng goose would do anything rather than engage in migration. Believing himself better than anyone else, he spends his time doing insane flying stunts until, flying too close to the sound, he hits a group of ducklings, separating two siblings from the rest of the group. He will thus find himself having to take care of the two and accompany them on a long journey to the south, discovering the value of family.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies As his flock's annual migration nears, a carefree goose is grounded with an injury and takes a pair of lost ducklings under his wing. Duck Duck Goose Animation
Hold the Dark	2018	5.71	6.0	A wolf kills a boy in a remote Alaska country. A naturalist investigates the case and gets involved in a dangerous threesome with the victim's parents.  Action & Adventure, Dramas In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery. Hold the Dark Thriller
The Other Side of the Wind	2018	8.0	8.0	A legendary director named J.J. ""Jake"" Hannaford returns to Hollywood after years of near exile in Europe with the intention of completing what is his return work, the groundbreaking film The Other Face of the Wind. Latest work by Orson Welles, remained incomplete and completed thanks to the interest and contributions of Netflix. Dramas, Independent Movies On the last day of his life, a legendary director struggles to complete a new project and contemplates his legacy in this layered film by Orson Welles. The Other Side of the Wind Drama
Dear Ex	2018	6.5	8.0	Teenager Song Chengxi loses her father Song Zhengyuan, who died of cancer; but instead of being able to mourn his death, he finds himself embroiled in a feud between his widowed mother Liu Sanlian and Jay, his father's gay lover. Before he died, Zhengyuan named Jay as the beneficiary of her life insurance, which made Sanlian mad, making her even more bossy than before. Chengxi, now fed up, moves into Jay's ugly apartment. Already at odds due to love and money, the trio seems ready for new conflicts.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies A teen navigates a bitter feud between his willful mom and a free-spirited man, who's the lover and insurance beneficiary of his recently deceased dad. Dear Ex Drama
Girl	2018	6.31	7.0	Fifteen-year-old Lara is determined to become a professional dancer. With the support of his father, he sets out in search of the absolute in a new school. Laura's adolescent frustrations and impatience are accentuated, however, when she realizes that her body doesn't bend so easily to rigid discipline since she was born a boy.  Dramas, International Movies, LGBTQ Movies Fifteen-year-old ballet dancer Lara faces physical and emotional hurdles as she prepares for gender confirmation surgery. Inspired by a true story. Girl Drama
Manto	2018	4.0	5.0	1948. Writer Saadat Hasan Manto shocks India with his demanding writings. The Partition, however, forces him to leave Mumbai, his beloved city, to move to Lahore, Pakistan. The exile will turn into tragedy due to his beliefs about freedom of expression and his relentless focus on the less fortunate.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies The controversial and troubled Indo-Pakistani writer Saadat Hasan Manto finds his artistic choices challenged by censors. Manto Biography
The Kissing Booth	2018		5.0	Elle Evans is a very popular high school student who loves parties but has never been kissed. Things take an unexpected turn for her when, ending up in a kissing booth, she has to confront Noah, her brother's best friend for whom she has a secret crush. From a Beth Reekles bestseller. Comedies, Romantic Movies When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend. The Kissing Booth Comedy
In Darkness	2018	5.67	6.0	Sofia, a blind pianist, hears a crime committed in the apartment above hers. The death of her neighbor will bring her into close contact with the cruel criminal underworld of London.  Independent Movies, International Movies, Thrillers A blind pianist fears for her life after the suspicious death of her neighbor, the daughter of a businessman accused of war crimes. In Darkness Thriller
Dude	2018		3.0	In the last two weeks of high school, four skin-friendly friends face a feeling of loss and big changes in their lives while smoking a lot of weed.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies Four best friends navigate loss and major life changes – and smoke a lot of weed – during their last two weeks of high school. Dude Comedy
Jefe	2018		5.0	César is the typical boss that everyone hates, that some approach exclusively for their own interests and to whom nobody wants to tell the truth. But he is also an entrepreneur who sees his stock collapse overnight, realizing that he is about to fail completely. In the face of what happened, however, he will not be alone but will find an unexpected ally in Ariana, the cleaning lady on the night shift.  Comedies, Dramas, International Movies A rude, self-centered businessman seems to be on the brink of losing everything until a night janitor at his office helps him find redemption. Jefe Drama
Alex Strangelove	2018		5.0	Alex is a high school graduate, engaged to the wonderful Claire, who has a bright future ahead of him and a plan to overcome the latest teenage milestone: losing his virginity. But things get complicated when Alex meets Elliot, a gay boy who unwittingly pushes him to question his sexual identity.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies High school senior Alex Truelove's plan to lose his virginity to lovable girlfriend Claire goes awry when he meets the equally lovable Elliot. Alex Strangelove Comedy
Between Worlds	2018	2.0	4.0	Joe is an unfortunate truck driver obsessed with remembering his deceased wife and child. When he meets Julie, a spiritually gifted woman, Joe becomes involved in his desperate attempt to find the lost soul of his daughter Billie, who is in a state of how. The spirit of Mary, Joe's wife, however, proves stronger, possessing the body of Billie to fix what she left halfway with the living.  Thrillers Grieving for his dead wife and daughter, a trucker plunges into a romance with a mother who needs his help. The dead, however, are far from gone. Between Worlds Action
Candy Jar	2018	6.0	5.0	In high school, two conflicting debate champions over virtually everything pursue their ambitious plans to get into the college of their dreams. They will thus discover how even opposites sometimes attract.  Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies Dueling high school debate champs who are at odds on just about everything forge ahead with ambitious plans to get into the colleges of their dreams. Candy Jar Comedy
Ibiza	2018		5.0	Harper invites her two best friends on a business trip to Barcelona. However, she will end up falling in love with a sexy DJ, making sure that she has a crazy adventure in Ibiza with her friends.  Comedies, Romantic Movies When Harper is sent to Spain for an important work meeting, her hard-partying friends tag along and convince her to pursue a fling with a famous DJ. Ibiza Comedy
The Highwaymen	2019	6.2	6.0	Faced with the impotence of the FBI, with its refined forensic technologies, in capturing Bonnie and Clyde, the nation's most notorious criminals, two former Texas Rangers (Kevin Costner and Woody Harrelson) rely on instinct and old-fashioned strategies to bring about finish their mission.  Dramas Two steely former Texas Rangers are tasked with tracking and killing infamous criminals Bonnie and Clyde in this crime drama based on real events. The Highwaymen Thriller
Set It Up	2018	2.5	4.0	Harper and Charlie are two underpaid and exploited executive assistants who try to make their way to Manhattan in the service of two bosses who never miss an opportunity to take advantage of it. Teaming up out of sheer desperation, the two go all out trying to make their respective superiors fall in love. What starts out as a brilliant operation will quickly get out of their control by teaching them how to be a puppeteer isn't as simple as it sounds.  Comedies, Romantic Movies In desperate need of a break from the office, two beleaguered assistants team up to trick their workaholic bosses into falling in love. Set It Up Comedy
Yucatán	2018	3.0	5.0	Lucas and Clayderman are dedicated to deceiving tourists on the richest international cruises. They have worked side by side for years aboard ships but the rivalry to conquer Veronica has led them to discount and separate. This is how the ships that travel in the Mediterranean went to Lucas, while those in the Atlantic went to Clayderman. The paths of the two cross again for a tempting shot aboard the ship bound for Barcelona to Cancun, which will stop in Casablanca, Tenerife, Brazil and the Yucatan.  Comedies, International Movies Competing con artists attempt to creatively and ruthlessly swindle a fatherly lottery winner while on a lively cruise from Spain to Mexico. Yucatán Comedy
My Perfect Romance	2018		3.0	For Valentine's Day, Vivian Blair, a developer proposes a revolutionary algorithm for an online dating service to the new to Wes Robinson. He offers to experience it together with her, achieving interesting results.  International Movies, Romantic Movies Just in time for Valentine's Day, a program developer pitches a revolutionary dating algorithm to her new CEO, who volunteers them as guinea pigs. My Perfect Romance Romantic
After	2019	5.0	4.0	Tessa, the classic good girl, shortly after arriving on campus makes the acquaintance of Hardin, a young man as handsome as he is rough who, with his dark appearance, could not be more different from her. As often happens, opposites attract each other and a troubled relationship begins between the two.  Dramas, Romantic Movies Wholesome college freshman Tessa Young thinks she knows what she wants out of life, until she crosses paths with complicated bad boy Hardin Scott. After Drama
Rumble	2016		5.0	Daniel, a former mixed martial arts champion no longer at a young age, is forced to return to fight on a Mexican underground circuit to save his kidnapped girlfriend. Trained by criminals and Mexican agents, he must defeat the favorite in his own discipline to save the ones he loves and run away.  Action & Adventure, Independent Movies An ex-MMA champion reduced to fixing fights in Mexico must win one last match to save his girlfriend, who's been kidnapped by the mob. Rumble Action
Like Father	2018		4.0	When dumped at the altar, a young workaholic ends up taking the Caribbean honeymoon cruise with the last person she would ever imagine: the estranged, work-obsessed father like her. Starting almost as strangers, the two will find the right bond and appreciation for the joys of life.  Comedies, Dramas After she's left at the altar, a workaholic advertising executive ends up on her Caribbean honeymoon cruise with her estranged father. Like Father Comedy
How It Ends	2018		5.0	After a mysterious cataclysm that has spread a climate of violence and disinformation, a man with his father-in-law embarks on a long and dangerous journey through the chaos of his country to re-embrace the woman he loves and who carries his child in her womb.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When a mysterious disaster turns the country into a war zone, a young lawyer heads west with his future father-in-law to find his pregnant fiancée. How It Ends Thriller
The Debt Collector	2018	4.0	4.0	A martial arts expert works as a debt collector on behalf of the underworld. His is a very simple task but it becomes much more dangerous than he imagined when a ""client"" drags him into an unexpected situation.  Action & Adventure A broke martial arts instructor takes a side gig with a mobster, who pairs him with a veteran thug for a weekend of fisticuffs-fueled debt collection. The Debt Collector Action
Bleach	2018		5.0	Ichigo Kurosaki is a 15 year old high school student who lives in the city of Karakura and has the special characteristic of seeing ghosts and presences. One day, Ichigo meets a reaper of souls, the member of an ancient order whose job is to escort the souls of the dead. A fight with an evil spirit causes the reaper's powers to be transferred to Ichigo, who at any moment finds himself in the role of reaper of souls, tasked with protecting his city.  Action & Adventure, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When high schooler Ichigo is suddenly given reaper abilities, he really wants to give the powers back. But he'll have to reap some souls first. Bleach Action
Running for Grace	2018		5.0	Against the background of the segregation that characterizes the life of the workers employed in the cultivation of coffee in Hawaii in the 1920s, a young man transcends all the boundaries of race and class to live a forbidden love and become a mature man.  Dramas, Romantic Movies In 1920s Hawaii, a young man of mixed race and the daughter of a white plantation owner must overcome racial and class prejudice to be together. Running for Grace Romantic
Cam	2018	6.67	5.0	Alice works as a cam girl and has given herself precise rules to follow so as not to affect her private life. One day, however, he cannot log into his account. Someone else is using her data and, to her amazement, discovers that it has been replaced by an exact copy of her, which inexplicably transmits from her own room. The copy knows all his intimate things and this could deeply undermine his privacy.  Independent Movies, Thrillers After a look-alike takes over her account, a cam girl with a growing fan base sets out to identify the mysterious culprit and reclaim her own identity. Cam Horror
Delirium	2018	5.5	4.0	Tom Walker was locked up in a mental institution for twenty years. He suffers from hallucinations and has a dark past. Rehabilitated by the doctors of the institute, he returns to his old house which, after the recent suicide of his father, is practically abandoned. Tom will have to live for 30 days alone, under strict police supervision and in the company of his delusions until some ghost from the past comes back in the flesh to haunt him.  Horror Movies, Thrillers A man with a history of mental issues moves into his late parents' mansion and comes to suspect his new home may be haunted. Delirium Horror
The Package	2018		4.0	Five teenagers leave for their spring break. At the most beautiful, they are forced by an unfortunate accident to embark on a race against time to save the most precious asset of one of them: his sexual organ!  Comedies After their buddy suffers an unfortunate accident during spring break, four pals risk everything – including their dignity – to make him whole again. The Package Comedy
The Land of Steady Habits	2018	6.0	6.0	Anders Hill (Ben Mendelsohn), who has long since settled in one of the upscale residential neighborhoods scattered along the commuter rail line in Connecticut, is finally ready to reap the rewards of a reasonable living. But, over fifty, recently retired and after having paid his son's university tuition, Anders decides that he is tired of his rigid habits: so he leaves his wife (Edie Falco), buys an apartment and waits for freedom to transform him. Without the comforts that defined his former identity, Anders embarks on a clumsy and painful path to reconcile the past with the present.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies After leaving his wife and his job to find happiness, Anders begins a clumsy, heartbreaking quest to reassemble the pieces of his fractured life. The Land of Steady Habits Comedy
The Ballad of Buster Scruggs	2018	7.11	7.0	A western anthology that follows six different stories.  Comedies, Dramas Ranging from absurd to profound, these Western vignettes from the Coen brothers follow the adventures of outlaws and settlers on the American frontier. The Ballad of Buster Scruggs Western
Soni	2018	4.67	7.0	Soni is a brave young policewoman from Delhi. Kalpana, his superintendent, is facing a countless increase in violent crimes against women. However, their mission and alliance are complicated by the difficulties that in the meantime arise in Soni's personal and professional life.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies While fighting crimes against women in Delhi, a short-fused policewoman and her level-headed female boss grapple with gender issues in their own lives. Soni Drama
Nappily Ever After	2018	6.0	5.0	Violet Jones (Sanaa Lathan) lives seemingly perfect, between her prestigious job, her doctor boyfriend (which is also a great match) and her gorgeous, carefully curated hairstyle. But when an event, which should have changed her life, doesn't go as she had foreseen, and after a hair-raising accident at the hairdresser, her life begins to fall apart. Eventually, Violet realizes that she has lived up to that moment as she thought she should live and not as she really wanted.  Comedies, Dramas, Romantic Movies When a perfectionist ad exec experiences a romantic setback, she embarks on a journey of self-discovery that begins with a dramatic hair makeover. Nappily Ever After Comedy
Eli	2019	5.67	5.0	Eli is a young boy suffering from an unknown and debilitating disease that forces him to live in complete isolation from the outside world. After trying every cure, his parents decide to place their trust, and the boy's life, in the hands of a doctor whose experimental and innovative treatments, performed in his aseptic home, could prove to be the last chance of salvation. When the intense procedure that could cure him begins, Eli begins to be haunted by experiences that lead him to no longer know who to trust and to wonder what is hiding in that house.  Horror Movies With his desperate parents in tow, an 11-year-old boy with a debilitating illness checks into an isolated clinic to undergo experimental therapy. Eli Horror
Romina	2018		2.0	Shocking abuse inspires a reaction of horrific violence when a group of teenagers camping in a remote location meet a girl from the same school.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies, International Movies A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot. Romina Horror
Cities of Last Things	2018	7.0	7.0	In the form of a triptych, three extraordinary nights in the life of an ordinary man are told, retraced in reverse chronological order, from the future to the past. Each chapter examines his relationships with women, which inevitably change his life.  Dramas, Independent Movies, International Movies In a dystopian tale unfolding in reverse chronology, a man with a complicated past takes revenge on the individuals who wronged him decades ago. Cities of Last Things Drama
Quincy	2018		8.0	A look at the life, work and legacy of legendary music producer Quincy Jones.  Documentaries, Music & Musicals This documentary profiles music and culture icon Quincy Jones, offering unprecedented access to his private life and stories from his unparalleled career. Quincy Documentary
The Angel	2018		7.0	The true story of Ashraf Marwan, the son-in-law of Egyptian President Nasser and special adviser to his successor Anwar Sadat. While moving in the upper echelons of the Egyptian government, Marwan conceals from everyone that he is the most prepared spy of Israeli intelligence.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers As his country prepares for war, top Egyptian official Ashraf Marwan makes contact with Israel and wades into a shadowy game of high-stakes espionage. The Angel Drama
Next Gen	2018		6.0	The story of the unlikely friendship between a young girl and her combat robot, who team up to stop the plans of a madman determined to take over the world, takes place against the backdrop of a high-tech city of the future.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When lonely Mai forms an unlikely bond with a top-secret robot, they embark on an intense, action-packed adventure to foil the plot of a vicious villain. Next Gen Animation
Earthquake Bird	2019	5.0	6.0	In Tokyo, a young expatriate woman is suspected of murder after her best friend goes missing. The motive would be to be found in the love triangle that the two entertained with a local photographer.  Dramas, Romantic Movies In 1980s Tokyo, an enigmatic expat is suspected of killing her friend, who's gone missing in the wake of their love triangle with a local photographer. Earthquake Bird Thriller
Malevolent	2018		5.0	Angela and brother Jackson are a couple of scam artists. Without worrying much about the vulnerability and pain of others, they convince those who have just suffered a loss that Angela has the ability to contact the dead. It is a simple scam but it has other consequences when Ms. Green calls the two to her residence, an orphanage that was once at the center of a series of murders of young girls. Soon, Angela will become less certain of what's real and what's not.  Horror Movies, Thrillers A brother-sister team who fake paranormal encounters for cash get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted estate turns very, very real. Malevolent Horror
The Christmas Chronicles	2018	5.0	6.0	Kate and Teddy, a brother and sister, decide to secretly film Santa Claus, putting themselves in a situation that most children can only dream of. After lurking to surprise Santa's arrival, they sneak into his sleigh and cause an accident, risking to blow up Christmas. During this incredible night, Kate and Teddy, along with Santa Claus (in a truly new version) and his elves, must save Christmas before it's too late.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies After accidentally crashing Santa's sleigh, a brother and sister pull an all-nighter to save Christmas with a savvy, straight-talking St. Nick. The Christmas Chronicles Comedy
St. Agatha	2018	2.5	5.0	Georgia, 1957. Mary got pregnant but her world is falling apart: her father is an alcoholic and her boyfriend is unable to help her or the baby. His only refuge then appears the convent of the city, behind whose walls are hiding terrible habits and strict rules against vulnerable and young nuns.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies Unwed and pregnant, a young woman flees her abusive home in 1950s Georgia and takes refuge at a mysterious convent with a terrible secret. St. Agatha Drama
Viking Destiny	2018	3.0	4.0	A Viking princess is forced to flee her kingdom after being accused of the murder of her father, the king. Under the leadership of the Odin River, he travels the world gaining wisdom and setting up the army he needs to regain his throne.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Framed for her father’s murder, an exiled Viking princess is guided by the god Odin as she prepares to return to her kingdom and reclaim the throne. Viking Destiny Adventure
The King	2019	5.71	6.0	Hal (Timothée Chalamet), a rebellious prince and reluctant heir to the English throne, has turned his back on court life and lives among the people. But when his tyrannical father dies, Hal becomes King Henry V and is forced to embrace the life he had tried to escape from. Now the young king must explore the palace politics, chaos and war his father left behind, along with the emotional chords of his past life - including his relationship with his closest friend and mentor, the fallen knight and alcoholic John Falstaff (Joel Edgerton).  Dramas Wayward Prince Hal must turn from carouser to warrior king as he faces hostilities from inside and outside the castle walls in the battle for England. The King Drama
The Golem	2018		6.0	At the height of the 17th century, Hanna uses the powers of Kabbalah to summon a creature to help defend her community, devastated first by a plague and then by invading barbarians. The bond between Hanna and her creation will be so close that she won't see how dangerous the monster that came out of it is.  Horror Movies, Independent Movies, International Movies As sickness spreads throughout the countryside, an infertile woman conjures a living child out of clay and sets it loose on her enemies. The Golem Horror
The Holiday Calendar	2018		6.0	A good photographer with a dead end job inherits an ancient Advent calendar, the content of which seems to predict the future. Will the calendar be able to bring her love and make Christmas magical for her?  Dramas, Romantic Movies A talented photographer stuck in a dead-end job inherits an antique Advent calendar that may be predicting the future – and pointing her toward love. The Holiday Calendar Romantic
A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding	2018		5.0	A year after helping Richard ascend the throne, Amber prepares to become his wife. However, the royal wedding is in danger of falling apart when Amber is seized by doubts about her future role as queen and Richard is called upon to deal with a political crisis that threatens the future of the kingdom. Sequel to A Prince for Christmas (2017). Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies A year after helping Richard secure the crown, Amber returns to Aldovia to plan their wedding. But her simple tastes clash with royal protocol. A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding Romantic
The Princess Switch	2018		6.0	A week before Christmas, Margaret, the beautiful Duchess of Montenaro, swaps her clothes with those of Stacy, a very ordinary girl from Chicago who looks like her like a drop of water. With the assistance of Santa's aide, Margaret falls in love with a colleague of Stacy's as she succumbs to the charm of the Duchess's fiance, a fiery prince.  Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Romantic Movies When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places. The Princess Switch Romantic
Bird Box	2018	5.11	6.0	When a mysterious force begins to decimate the world's population, only one thing is certain: whoever sees it, dies. As she faces the unknown, Malorie finds love, hope and a new beginning, but then she loses everything. Suddenly he has to flee with his two sons along a river full of dangers to reach the only place that could be safe. And to survive they will have to embark on the risky two-day journey blindfolded.  Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. Bird Box Fantasy
Occupation	2018		5.0	A city is suddenly shrouded in darkness. A fleet of spaceships appears in the sky: aliens who have observed the Earth for centuries are ready to take control of the planet. As their troops make their way, a group of humans realize they must join forces to take on their enemies.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy When aliens take over their small Australian town, a modest group of survivors must unite to fend off their otherworldly intruders. Occupation Fantasy
The Great Battle	2018	6.0	5.0	The story of the siege of Ansi, where the forces of Goguryeo defended their fortress against the 500,000 Tang invaders in a battle that went on for 88 days.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies In seventh-century Korea, the commander of Ansi Fortress, Yang Man-chun, combats Tang invaders in a retelling of an epic clash against all odds. The Great Battle Action
All the Devil's Men	2018	4.0	3.0	Jack Collins, a former Navy Seal, has become a bounty hunter for the CIA or other private companies. Struggling with his own personal demons, he is sent by his friend Leigh to London for a job: together with Brennan and Samuelson he will have to hunt down a former CIA agent named McKnight.  Action & Adventure A battle-scarred Special Ops military vet joins a CIA-funded assignment to take down a Russian terrorist and his trigger-happy comrades. All the Devil's Men Action
Mountain	2017	8.0	7.0	Australian director Jennifer Peedom, in the key of audiovisual symphony, recounts the climbs of the most inaccessible mountains, the impossible feats of climbers and other acrobats of the most remote peaks. But he does not skimp on suggesting the controversial aspects of the most extreme mountaineering practices. Until three centuries ago, mountains were places of danger, not of beauty. When Everest was conquered in the mid-20th century, mountaineering had become a quest for perfection and the mountains were seen as adversaries to be defeated. Today, when millions of people are enchanted by their magic, the mountains become theaters of entertainment: managed and commodified as playgrounds. But mountains are more than just a distraction or an enemy to beat. Their value lies in recognizing our limitations.  Action & Adventure, Documentaries, International Movies Featuring breathtaking imagery and thought-provoking narration, this film takes viewers to the summits of some of the world’s most amazing mountains. Mountain Documentary
I Am Mother	2019	5.75	6.0	A teenager is the first of a new generation of humans to be raised by ""Mother"", a gentle robot designed to repopulate the Earth following the extinction of humanity. Their bond, however, is threatened by the inexplicable arrival of a bloody woman, who calls everything into question and aims to reveal the true intentions behind Mother.  International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers Following humanity's mass extinction, a teen raised alone by a maternal droid finds her entire world shaken when she encounters another human. I Am Mother Fantasy
The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind	2019	6.0	7.0	13-year-old William Kamkwamba is expelled from the school he loves after his family can no longer afford to pay taxes. However, he will find a very original way to build a windmill that can save his family and his village in Malawi from famine.  Children & Family Movies, Dramas, Independent Movies Inspired by a science book, 13-year-old William Kamkwamba builds a wind turbine to save his Malawian village from famine. Based on a true story. The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind Drama
Velvet Buzzsaw	2019	5.33	5.0	Josephina, an up-and-coming agent working in the Los Angeles art world, discovers hundreds of works made by an old artist and abandoned after his death. Ignoring the instructions left by the man, she begins to circulate the paintings, soon attracting the attention of the powerful around her, from chief Rhodora to critic Morf. Receiving posthumous acclaim, the works awaken something imperceptible and sinister that threatens to punish those who have taken advantage of it.  Dramas, Thrillers A feared critic, an icy gallery owner and an ambitious assistant snap up a recently deceased artist's stash of paintings – with dire consequences. Velvet Buzzsaw Thriller
American Hangman	2019	6.5	6.0	An unidentified man posts live videos on social media showing he has kidnapped two strangers and plans to kill one before the day is over. The intention is to hold a ""trial"" in its own way. As the authorities try to understand what is happening, it soon becomes clear that online viewers will act as judge and jury.  Thrillers A judge’s kidnapping is streamed live on social media, as a vengeful loner puts him on trial for supposedly sending an innocent man to his death. American Hangman Drama
Battle	2018		6.0	The failure of her father shatters the comfortable life of the young dancer Amalia. however she finds a new rhythm after meeting Mikael, a hip hop dancer.  Dramas, International Movies, Romantic Movies After Amalie's dad goes bankrupt, the young dancer's affluent life collapses. But she finds a new beat to follow after meeting hip-hop dancer Mikael. Battle Drama
Triple Frontier	2019	6.14	6.0	Five former Special Forces agents combine their energies to plan a robbery of a drug cartel in a sparsely populated border area of ??South America. For the first time in their life, they are acting for personal purposes rather than for security purposes. But when events take an unexpected turn, they will be forced into an epic battle for survival that will test their skills, their loyalty and their morale.  Action & Adventure Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences. Triple Frontier Thriller
Growing Up Wild	2016		4.0	Life is an adventure, especially for a newborn puppy who has a lot to learn. In the wildest corners of our planet, five brave cubs (chimpanzee, lion, cheetah, bear and monkey) face the very first challenges of their young lives. With a little guidance from the other members of their family, each must understand how and where to find food and learn to recognize the true threat of danger. Only in this way will they be able to take their steps towards independence.  Children & Family Movies, Documentaries Five baby animals from different parts of the world grow up learning to survive in the wild, nurtured by the love and guidance of their families. Growing Up Wild Documentary
China Salesman	2017	2.0	7.0	Yan Jian, a young Chinese computer engineer, volunteers to go to North Africa and help the company he works for win a competition in which the right to control communication between the south and north of the continent is up for grabs. French spy Michael works for the West instead. His boss also ordered him to go to North Africa and win the competition but with the aim of controlling the large mineral resources. To do this, Michael hired Lauder, Africa's best mercenary, and former general Kabbah. Discovering the conspiracy, Yan will be the only one who can stop them.  Action & Adventure, International Movies A Chinese engineer travels to a war-torn African country to rebuild its telecommunications but instead finds massive corruption and explosive danger. China Salesman Action
Polar	2019	6.0	6.0	Duncan Vizla, the world's most famous killer, is considering retiring when his former employer sees him as a disadvantage for his business. Against his will, he will find himself having to face a group of young, ruthless and fast assassins who will stop at nothing to silence him.  Action & Adventure, International Movies An assassin on the verge of retirement must put the good life on hold when his greedy boss sends a squad of young, ruthless killers to take him out. Polar Thriller
Paddleton	2019	8.0	5.0	An unexpected friendship between two misfit neighbors turns into something touching when the youngest is diagnosed with end-stage cancer.  Comedies, Dramas, Independent Movies After he's diagnosed with terminal cancer, middle-aged Michael asks his neighbor friend Andy to help him end his life before the disease does. Paddleton Drama
The Last Laugh	2019	4.0	4.0	After moving to a hospice, restless talent manager Al Hart reconnects with his former client Buddy Green. It will convince him to leave retirement to return to the world of stand-up.  Comedies, Dramas After moving to a retirement home, restless talent manager Al reconnects with long-ago client Buddy and coaxes him back out on the comedy circuit. The Last Laugh Comedy
Black Mirror: Bandersnatch	2018	6.0	5.0	1984. Young British programmer Stefan Butler is planning to turn the fantasy book Bandersnatch into a video game. As he proceeds his own reality begins to become more and more tangled. Interactive film produced by Netflix which is part of the Black Mirror franchise (2011) and distributed in streaming The special episode in fact presents five different endings which are reached through a series of choices that are submitted to the viewer. Dramas, International Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings. Black Mirror: Bandersnatch Drama
Murder Party	2007	7.0	6.0	On Halloween Eve, loser Chris finds an invitation to a costume party in Brooklyn. Arriving at the party, however, he discovers that he is the victim of the death trap set up by a group of deranged artists ...  Comedies, Cult Movies, Horror Movies A mild-mannered office drone plucks a Halloween party invitation off the street and suddenly finds himself the main event at a ""murder party. Murder Party Horror
The Laundromat	2019	6.57	6.0	Under the surface of the world of global finance flows a secret system carrying trillions of dollars from drug trafficking, tax evasion, corruption and other illegal activities. Behind this system are individuals who benefit from the help of bankers, lawyers and auditors who are paid to turn the other way. This is what unintentionally brings to light Ellen Martin, a middle-class retiree seeking compensation for her husband's death.  Comedies, Dramas When a widow gets swindled out of insurance money, her search for answers leads to two cunning lawyers in Panama who hide cash for the superrich. The Laundromat Drama
High Flying Bird	2019	6.29	6.0	During a professional basketball lockout, a sports agent makes an interesting but controversial business proposition to one of his rookie players.  Dramas, Sports Movies When an NBA lockout sidelines his big rookie client, an agent hatches a bold plan to save their careers – and disrupt the league's power structure. High Flying Bird Drama
Kidnapping Stella	2019		5.0	In broad daylight, in the middle of a street, two men in masks kidnap a young woman. They tie her up and gag her and take her to an abandoned, soundproofed apartment. The kidnapped is Stella, the daughter of a millionaire. His captors, cold Vic and accomplice Tom, have worked out a meticulous plan. But Stella is not the classic victim and has no intention of giving up.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers Snatched off the street and held for ransom, a bound and gagged woman uses her limited powers to derail her two masked abductors' carefully laid plans. Kidnapping Stella Thriller
The Great Hack	2019		7.0	Have you ever completed an online survey? Or to receive advertisements on a product that was searched the day before on the internet? This depends on the fact that the personal data and preferences that we enter on the internet are stored by the servers, becoming an even more valuable asset than black gold. But what does this entail? An answer can be obtained by considering what happened with the Cambridge Analytica scandal, the company blocked by Facebook for breach of personal data.  Documentaries Explore how a data company named Cambridge Analytica came to symbolize the dark side of social media in the wake of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The Great Hack Documentary
American Factory	2019	4.0	7.0	In 2014, a Chinese millionaire opened a Fuyao Group factory in a decommissioned General Motors plant in Dayton, Ohio. For thousands of locals, the arrival of the multinational car glass manufacturer has meant returning to work and regaining the dignity lost due to the recession. Not a few, however, were the cultural clashes between the Chinese workers transplanted to America and the local ones and the tensions due to low wages and lack of security.  Documentaries In this documentary, hopes soar when a Chinese company reopens a shuttered factory in Ohio. But a culture clash threatens to shatter an American dream. American Factory Documentary
Berlin, I Love You	2019		4.0	11 different directors are confronted with ten love stories that have in common the fact that they are set in Berlin, the German capital.  Dramas, International Movies, Romantic Movies Set in the Grey City, this ""Cities of Love"" installment is a star-studded, 10-story collection of redemptive love, crushing loss and everyday romances. Berlin, I Love You Comedy
The Dirt	2019	5.0	6.0	The story of how four young misfits, who grew up on the streets of Hollywood, have grabbed international fame as musicians, founding the heavy metal group Mötley Crüe.  Comedies, Dramas, Music & Musicals In this unflinching biopic based on Mötley Crüe's best-selling book, four LA misfits navigate the monster highs and savage lows of music superstardom. The Dirt Biography
Triple Threat	2019	6.0	6.0	A crime syndicate sets its sights on a millionaire's daughter, making her the target of a team of professional assassins. A small team of mercenaries will try to defend it tooth and nail.  Action & Adventure, International Movies A crew of ruthless criminals hired to kill an influential heiress meet their match in a trio of surprisingly adept fighters who come to her aid. Triple Threat Action
Paradise Beach	2019		5.0	A group of former robbers has settled in a veritable paradise on earth in Phuket, in southern Thailand. Having become traders, they live happy days until the devil himself shows up on the spot: Mehdi, sentenced to fifteen years in prison for the robbery, wants his share of the booty. But there is only one problem: there is no longer a cake to share ...  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies Mehdi gets out of prison, planning to settle old scores. But first, he must reconnect with his gang, now living in an idyllic beach resort in Thailand. Paradise Beach Action
Someone Great	2019		3.0	Jenny, an aspiring music journalist, has just landed her dream job at an iconic magazine and is about to move to San Francisco. Rather than having a long-distance relationship, the longtime boyfriend she's been with for nine years decides to end their relationship. To console herself, Jenny invites her two best friends Erin and Blair to have a crazy last night in New York.  Comedies, Romantic Movies On the heels of a blindsiding breakup, music journalist Jenny braces for a new beginning – and one last adventure with her closest friends. Someone Great Comedy
Juanita	2019		4.0	Juanita is a single mother. Restless and full of all kinds of problems, one day she sets off on an impromptu trip to Paper Moon, Montana, in search of relief and hope.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Romantic Movies Burdened by troubles in life and love, a mother of three grown children searches for hope and healing on an impromptu trip to Paper Moon, Montana. Juanita Drama
See You Yesterday	2019		4.0	Two prodigious teenagers from Brooklyn, C.J. Walker and Sebastian Thomas build a time machine to prevent Calvin, the brother of the former, from being killed by a police officer.  Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers As two teen prodigies try to master the art of time travel, a tragic police shooting sends them on a series of dangerous trips to the past. See You Yesterday Fantasy
The Perfect Date	2019		4.0	Brooks Ratigan has the academic qualifications to be admitted to the college of his dreams, but he lacks the extracurricular credits and the money to pay his tuition. When he takes the opportunity to pose as the non-existent boyfriend of a self-confident girl named Celia Lieberman to earn some money, Brooks discovers he has a talent for that kind of job. Together with his programmer friend Murph, Brooks decides to create a special app to raise customers. Along the way, he will meet the girl of his dreams and will be forced to reevaluate everything.  Comedies, Romantic Movies To earn money for college, a high schooler launches an app offering his services as a fake date. But when real feelings emerge, things get complicated. The Perfect Date Comedy
Avengement	2019	4.0	6.0	Escaping the control of his guards, a lowly criminal returns to his old refuge to take revenge on those who made him a cold-blooded killer. An epic and bloody battle will follow in which he searches for the soul he lost years ago on the streets of an unforgiving city.  Action & Adventure Betrayed by his loan shark brother, a hardened convict escapes from prison while on furlough to exact revenge against the people who made him a killer. Avengement Action
The Last Summer	2019		3.0	A group of recent high school graduates spend the last summer together before they each leave for college. As they confront love, lost or just found, young people form friendships in unexpected circumstances and become more aware of their relationships with their parents. As they approach the beginning of adulthood, they will begin to understand more about who they will be and what they will do with their lives.  Comedies, Romantic Movies Teens from a Chicago high school grapple with their dreams, relationships and identities in a transformative summer before they leave for college. The Last Summer Romantic
Eerie	2019	2.67	4.0	An unexpected and bloody death upsets an old Catholic school for girls. Pat Consolacion, the guidance counselor, is committed to helping the students cope with what happened and uncover the mystery of death. Most of the girls suspect that the stern Mother Alice plays a role in the affair. By meeting former student Eri, Pat will gradually discover what secret the school has been hiding for over a century.  Horror Movies, International Movies When a student's suicide rattles an all-girls Catholic school, a clairvoyant guidance counselor leans on a ghost to uncover the convent's abusive past. Eerie Horror
Wine Country	2019	2.0	4.0	In honor of Rebecca's 50th birthday, Amy plans a spectacular Napa vacation with their best friends. Catherine, Val, Jenny and Naomi are happy to have the opportunity to relax a little and to meet the other two friends. Between the flowing alcohol, the jokes and the gossip, they will end up questioning their friendships and their future.  Comedies When longtime friends meet up for a wine-soaked birthday getaway in Napa Valley, their perfectly planned weekend turns messier by the minute. Wine Country Comedy
Rim of the World	2019	6.0	5.0	Summer camp has just begun when four misfit teens - Alex, ZhenZhen, Dariush and Gabriel - discover they have bigger problems to deal with than canoeing or climbing ropes: Planet Earth has been invaded by aliens. Left alone in a campsite once teeming with people, the four are unexpectedly given a key that leads to the secret to stop the invasion. With no adults or electronic devices to rely on, they will have no choice but to unite, overcome their fears and save the world.  Action & Adventure, Independent Movies, Sci-Fi & Fantasy Stranded at a summer camp when aliens attack the planet, four teens with nothing in common embark on a perilous mission to save the world. Rim of the World Adventure
Aurora	2018		6.0	Leana's peaceful existence and that of her little sister Rita are shattered when the Aurora ferry capsizes on the cliffs in front of their seaside b & b. After a while, the coast guard abandons the search for survivors. The shipwreck destroys the local economy and Leana is also considering rebuilding a life elsewhere but an agreement with some families of the disappeared leads her to stay. In exchange for a huge amount of money, he has in fact agreed to recover the corpses that will be carried by the waves to the shore.  Horror Movies, International Movies A fatal shipwreck spurs an islander innkeeper and her sister to recover the missing victims' bodies – until the dead come seeking shelter themselves. Aurora Horror
Murder Mystery	2019	3.5	4.0	A New York policeman finally manages to bring his wife to Europe, giving her that trip he had always promised her. A chance encounter during the flight earns them an invitation to a family reunion on a senior billionaire's luxury yacht. When he is murdered, the two spouses become the prime suspects.  Comedies On a long-awaited trip to Europe, a New York City cop and his hairdresser wife scramble to solve a baffling murder aboard a billionaire's yacht. Murder Mystery Comedy
Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese	2019	8.33	7.0	Martin Scorsese focuses his attention on the troubled spirit of the United States in 1975 and the joyful music that Bob Dylan brought to the stage during the fall of that year. Music, dream and documentary come together for a unique experience of its kind.  Documentaries, Music & Musicals In an alchemic mix of fact and fantasy, Martin Scorsese looks back at Bob Dylan's 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue tour and a country ripe for reinvention. Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese Documentary
Always Be My Maybe	2019		5.0	Sasha and Marcus, childhood friends, haven't spoken to each other for fifteen years. A chef who has gained fame and success in Los Angeles, Sasha returns to his native San Francisco to open a new restaurant when he runs into his friend, a musician who still lives at home and works for his father. Although at first they don't want to reconnect, they will find that certain feelings can never be extinguished.  Comedies, Romantic Movies Reunited after 15 years, famous chef Sasha and hometown musician Marcus feel the old sparks of attraction but struggle to adapt to each other's worlds. Always Be My Maybe Romantic
In the Shadow of the Moon	2019	5.0	6.0	Locke, a police officer on his way to becoming a detective, hunts down a serial killer. But when the crimes begin to defy all scientific rationality, Locke's obsession with the truth will threaten his career, his family and his own mental health.  Dramas, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thrillers A Philadelphia detective slowly unravels as he nurses a lifelong obsession with an enigmatic female serial killer whose crimes defy explanation. In the Shadow of the Moon Thriller
Beats	2019	6.0	6.0	On the South Side of Chicago, an agoraphobic hip hop genius and a disgraced former music executive make friends. United by their passion for music, they will help each other overcome the demons of the past.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Music & Musicals On Chicago's South Side, hip-hop prodigy August Monroe navigates crippling anxiety and new creative frontiers with the help of an unlikely mentor. Beats Drama
Otherhood	2019	4.5	4.0	On Mother's Day, feeling marginalized and forgotten, friends Carol, Gillian and Helen decide to go to New York to find themselves with their now grown children. By doing so, they will end up redefining the contours of relationships with their offspring, friends, mates and, most importantly, themselves.  Comedies Feeling forgotten on Mother's Day, three best friends leave the suburbs and drive to New York City to surprise their adult sons. Otherhood Comedy
Klaus	2019	6.5	7.0	Jesper, the worst student of the Post Academy, is sent to an icy island, beyond the Arctic Circle where the locals struggle to exchange a few words, much less letters. Jesper is about to give up when he finds an ally in Alva, a local teacher, and meets Klaus, a mysterious carpenter who lives alone in a cabin full of handmade toys. These unlikely friendships will be able to bring joy back to Smeerensburg by also recreating a new tradition made of generosity, magic and stockings hung over the fireplace with care.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies A selfish postman and a reclusive toymaker form an unlikely friendship, delivering joy to a cold, dark town that desperately needs it. Klaus Animation
Point Blank	2019		6.0	When his pregnant wife is kidnapped and held hostage as security, Paul, an emergency room nurse, finds himself teaming up with a seriously injured career criminal suspected of murder. Between rival gangs and corrupt cops, the unlikely couple must find a way to survive.  Action & Adventure To save his pregnant wife, an emergency room nurse unwillingly partners with an injured murder suspect in a race against time and renegade cops. Point Blank Thriller
Fractured	2019	5.33	6.0	Ray, his wife and daughter stop on a trip to a freeway rest area. Here the daughter falls and breaks her arm, needing to be taken to the hospital. After a confrontation at the triage, Ray manages to make contact with the doctor, who orders an MRI. Exhausted, waiting for his wife and daughter to return from the lower level, Ray falls asleep in a chair. Upon awakening, however, no one seems to have ever seen his family before.  Thrillers After his wife and injured daughter disappear from an ER, a man conducts a panicked search and becomes convinced the hospital is hiding something. Fractured Thriller
Secret Obsession	2019		4.0	Fresh from marriage, Jennifer is brutally assaulted in a dark area. As he recovers, he can't remember anything from his past, including the accident. Husband Russell, however, is happy to have her safe and sound again. To help her, he decides to take her to their home in the mountains while Detective Page, in charge of the case, grapples with the disappearance of his daughter. A cruel fate seems to await Jennifer, unless someone realizes that Russell is not as loving as he seems.  Thrillers When Jennifer wakes up with amnesia after a traumatic attack, her doting husband cares for her. But she soon realizes the danger is far from over. Secret Obsession Thriller
Svaha: The Sixth Finger	2019		6.0	Pastor Park is dedicated to the work of unmasking religious groups and suspicious sects and is tasked with investigating a sect called Deer Mount. Meanwhile, police captain Hwang is investigating a murder and the main suspect is a member of that sect.  International Movies, Thrillers A minister who researches religious cults turns to his Buddhist monk friend for help investigating a new group with mysterious origins. Svaha: The Sixth Finger Thriller
The Red Sea Diving Resort	2019	6.0	6.0	In the early 1980s, a group of Mossad agents in collaboration with some brave Ethiopians used a tourist resort in Sudan as a sorting camp for thousands of refugees in Israel. At the head of the mission is agent Ari Kidron, who can always count on the support of the brave Kabede Bimro. Inspired by real events. Dramas, Thrillers Undercover agents open up a fake hotel to real tourists as a cover to help smuggle thousands of Ethiopian refugees to safety. Inspired by true events. The Red Sea Diving Resort Drama
Dolemite Is My Name	2019	7.2	7.0	The true story of how comedian Rudy Ray Moore found success by changing film genre and, now no longer very young, becoming a legend with the character of Dolemite, symbol of the Blaxploitation of the seventies.  Comedies, Dramas In 1970s LA, struggling comedian Rudy Ray Moore hits it big with his raunchy alter ego, Dolemite, then risks it all to take his act to the big screen. Dolemite Is My Name Biography
Sextuplets	2019	4.0	5.0	Alan, on the verge of becoming a father for the first time, grew up believing he was an only child. While searching for her biological mother, she discovers she has a brother she didn't know existed, Russell. He also reveals to him that the two of them are actually the result of an exaggerated birth. Together they will go in search of the other twins but Alan will also begin to wonder if it was not a big mistake to set out to discover their roots.  Comedies When a dad-to-be learns he's actually a sextuplet, he sets off on a wild journey to meet his long-lost family. Marlon Wayans stars as all six siblings. Sextuplets Comedy
Falling Inn Love	2019		5.0	Gabriela Diaz's San Francisco design firm closes in the same week as her romantic breakup. Driven by wine and circumstances, Gabriela takes part in a contest that gives away an inn in the countryside of New Zealand and, to her surprise, wins. Flying overseas, he finds himself in front of a dilapidated structure and a less than idyllic situation. Armed with determination, she wants to put the property back in order to resell it but will eventually change her mind, finding love and serenity.  Comedies, Romantic Movies When a San Francisco exec wins a New Zealand inn, she ditches city life to remodel and flip the rustic property with help from a handsome contractor. Falling Inn Love Romantic
In the Tall Grass	2019	5.43	5.0	Becky and Cal, a brother and sister, are on their way to California when they stop in a field of tall grass in Kansas due to her pregnancy. Here, they hear a voice, coming from somewhere nearby, asking for help. so they decide to venture into the grass discovering much darker secrets than they could ever have imagined. They will soon realize that finding the way out will not be that simple.  Horror Movies, Thrillers After hearing a boy's cry for help, a pregnant woman and her brother wade into a vast field of grass, only to discover there may be no way out. In the Tall Grass Horror
Bikram: Yogi, Guru, Predator	2019		6.0	The spectacular rise and scandalous fall (with allegations of sexual violence) of Bikram Choudhury, yoga guru evangelist, are told by documentarian Eva Orner through archival footage and unpublished interviews.  Documentaries This documentary charts the rise and fall of hot yoga founder Bikram Choudhury as his global empire is born and disturbing revelations come to light. Bikram: Yogi, Guru, Predator Documentary
American Son	2019	5.0	5.0	Kendra Ellis-Connor, the mother of a missing teenager, tries to connect the various clues at a South Florida police station. Based on the acclaimed Broadway show, the film presents four distinct perspectives and explores the one-of-a-kind dynamics of an interracial couple engaged in raising a half-caste child. Dramas Time passes and tension mounts in a Florida police station as an estranged interracial couple awaits news of their missing teenage son. American Son Drama
Tall Girl	2019	7.0	5.0	Jodi has always been the tallest girl in school, something that continually makes her uncomfortable. After facing life head-on for sixteen years and always being teased by her classmates, Jodi meets Stig, a visiting Swedish student who is seemingly perfect and even taller than her. Jodi takes a crush on him and it upsets her existence by launching her into an amazing love triangle. Thanks to the help of her two close friends and her sister Harper, beauty queen, Jodi realizes that she is much more than her appearance insecurities led her to believe.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Romantic Movies After years of slouching through life, 6-foot-1 teen Jodi resolves to conquer her insecurities and gets caught up in a high school love triangle. Tall Girl Comedy
Back to School	2019		3.0	During a classy reunion, two friends spend a crazy evening trying to flaunt their successes in front of former bullies and old-time love affairs.  Comedies, International Movies Eager to flaunt their success in front of old bullies and teenage crushes, two best friends spend a wild night at their middle school reunion. Back to School Comedy
Between Two Ferns: The Movie	2019	4.0	6.0	Zach Galifianakis dreamed of becoming a star. But when Will Ferrell discovered his public access TV show and uploaded it to his Funny or Die website, Zach became a viral laughingstock. With his team, Zach has only one chance to get his image back: to conduct a series of interviews with leading celebrities with his team.  Comedies Armed with awkward questions and zero self-awareness, Zach Galifianakis hits the road to find famous interview subjects for his no-budget talk show. Between Two Ferns: The Movie Comedy
El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie	2019	5.57	6.0	The escape of Jesse Pinkman (Paul Aaron) after the events narrated in the series Breaking Bad - Side Reactions (2008). Film that concludes the famous series Breaking Bad - Side Reactions (2008) conceived by Vince Gilligan, here in the role of director, screenwriter and producer. Dramas, Thrillers Fugitive Jesse Pinkman attempts to outrun his past. Written and directed by ""Breaking Bad"" creator Vince Gilligan, starring Aaron Paul. El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie Comedy
Our Godfather	2019	7.0	6.0	Exclusive and rare interviews with the entire Buscetta family reconstruct the story of those who were the first to break the silence on the Cosa Nostra.  Documentaries, International Movies In 1986, Tommaso Buscetta became the first top-level Mafia boss ever to testify against the mob. It cost him and his family everything. Our Godfather Documentary
The Forest of Love	2019	6.5	7.0	Jo Murata is a ruthless man who uses his charisma to manipulate the people around him. Murata meets Shin and a group of aspiring filmmakers, who decide the man and his turbulent relationship with Mitsuko is the perfect topic for their film. As filming creates an atmosphere of intimacy, it will become increasingly difficult to distinguish between what is real and what is fictional.  Dramas, International Movies, Thrillers A con man and a would-be filmmaking crew force themselves into the lives of two grief-scarred young women. But nothing is as it seems. The Forest of Love Drama
Rattlesnake	2019	4.0	5.0	Single mom Katrina decides to leave with her young daughter to start a new life, but she is stranded with the car in the middle of nowhere. As the woman changes the rubber, Clara sets out into the desert and is bitten by a poisonous rattlesnake. Desperate to save her daughter, Katrina accepts the help of a mysterious woman but, after she miraculously heals Clara, she is asked to repay the good deed by killing a stranger in exchange for the saved life. Time is running out and before her daughter's life is put in danger again at sunset, Katrina is faced with a moral dilemma: who deserves to live and who to die?  Horror Movies, Independent Movies, Thrillers After a mysterious woman saves her daughter from a deadly snakebite, a single mother must repay the debt by killing a stranger before sundown. Rattlesnake Horror
Furie	2019	6.0	7.0	During the summer holidays, Chloé and Paul Diallo lend their home to their children's nanny. Upon returning from their journey, the Diallo find the door closed: the locks have been changed and the occupants claim to be in their home. For Paul, it is the beginning of a struggle that will shake his marriage, his value system and his humanity.  Action & Adventure, Dramas, International Movies When traffickers kidnap her daughter from their village, vengeful Hai Phuong returns to Saigon – and her outlaw roots – to take down the abductors. Furie Thriller
Let It Snow	2019	3.0	4.0	A snow storm hits a small Midwestern town just before Christmas. A group of young people close to graduation are forced to review their friendships and loves due to a time-locked pop star, a stolen barrel, a team of competitive dancers, a mysterious woman and an epic party. Christmas will come and nothing will be the same again.  Comedies, Dramas, LGBTQ Movies A snowstorm hits a small town on a cold Christmas Eve, affecting the friendships, love lives and futures of several high school seniors. Let It Snow Comedy
The Knight Before Christmas	2019		5.0	The knight Sir Cole is magically transported from the Middle Ages to the present day. Here, in Ohio during the holiday season, he ends up falling in love with Brooke, a young high school teacher who has already been burned by love. As they search together for a way to allow him to return home, Sir Cole will wonder how much he really wants to go back to his old life.  Children & Family Movies, Comedies, Romantic Movies Medieval magic sends a 14th-century knight to modern-day Ohio, where he falls for a high school science teacher who's disillusioned by love. The Knight Before Christmas Romantic
Hidden in Plain Sight	2019	2.0	4.0	With a new identity, Anna is ready to hide from the past for as long as possible. But with her son asking questions about his father and a promising new relationship on the horizon, he finds it increasingly difficult to lie. When the abusive ex finds out she is still alive and has a child. he stops at nothing to track her down. Anna will find herself having to decide whether to keep running away or whether to face her own ghosts once and for all to protect those she loves before it's too late.  Dramas, Independent Movies, Thrillers A woman stages her own suicide but still lives in fear of her abusive ex-boyfriend tracking her down and stealing the son he never knew he had. Hidden in Plain Sight Thriller
What the Health	2017	4.0	6.0	From the two activist documentarians who in 2014 shot the documentary Cowspiracy, produced by Leonardo DiCaprio, a new docu-film that focuses its attention on the health impact of meat, milk and its derivatives. The film, funded through crowdfunding and released on Vimeo, was accompanied by controversies supported by doctors, dieticians and journalists who questioned its scientific nature. Documentaries This film examines the link between diet and disease, and the billions of dollars at stake in the healthcare, pharmaceutical and food industries. What the Health Documentary
Minimalism: A Documentary About the Important Things	2016		7.0	How could our lives improve if we reduced the impact of ""things"", if we had less of everything? The minimalist path, parallel to that of degrowth, is analyzed by examining the lives of those who have embraced this choice and the results that it has achieved.  Documentaries People dedicated to rejecting the American ideal that things bring happiness are interviewed in this documentary showing the virtues of less is more. Minimalism: A Documentary About the Important Things Documentary
Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon	2015		4.0	With his three different identities (Shiv, Ram and Kishan), a man managed to marry three different girls to whom he helped. Juhi, Simran and Anjali all live in the same building on different floors but have no idea how they share the same husband. However, the situation worsened with the entry of Deepika, the one that man really loves.  Comedies, International Movies A man's decision to marry three women, to keep them from committing suicide, complicates his relationship with his girlfriend. Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon Comedy
Deviant Love	2019		5.0	Jamie's married life falls apart when she finds out that her husband has been cheating on her. Leaving the man behind, Jamie moves with her son to her family home to figure out what to do. In this way he gets to know Whit, a charming man who soon becomes protective of him. It won't be long before he learns a terrible truth: Whit is a cousin of his who, due to his schizophrenia, is more dangerous than he looks.  Thrillers In a tailspin after her marriage collapses, Jamie falls for a helpful gentleman whose interest in her welfare hides sinister motives. Deviant Love Thriller
Time Trap	2018		5.0	An archeology professor disappears after entering a cave. Some of his students go after him and discover a cave where time flows differently than the surface.  Action & Adventure, Sci-Fi & Fantasy While searching for their missing archaeology professor, a group of students discovers a cave where time passes differently than it does on the surface. Time Trap Fantasy
Ricky Gervais: Humanity	2018	6.5	8.0	An hour and twenty of comic monologue by one of the greatest interpreters of the genre, the British Ricky Gervais; among the arguments the politically correct, the overpopulation of the planet and the social differences.  Stand-Up Comedy In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally. Ricky Gervais: Humanity Comedy
